the greatest
opportunity for improvement to the application would be found.
What should the technical manager use to interpret the data collected?
A. Affinity diagram
B. Force field analysis
C. Pareto diagram
D. Checksheet
2. 软件公司为其目前的计算机系统开发了一款新应用程序。在试验阶段审查期间，许
多用户识别到应用程序的不同问题。技术经理收集和计量这些投诉，确定将在哪里找到
改进应用程序的最大机会。
技术经理应使用什么来解释收集的数据？
A. 亲和图
B. 力场分析
C. 帕累托图
D. 核对表
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
3.What benefit does the Monitoring and Controlling process provide to the project?
A. It identifies variances by observing and measuring project performance.
B. It identifies inputs to the change control board (CCB) by observing and measuring project
performance.
C. It updates the process improvement plan by observing and measuring project performance.
D. It updates the project management plan by observing and measuring project performance.
3. 监控过程将向项目提供什么好处？
A. 通过观察和衡量项目绩效来识别偏差。
B. 通过观察和衡量项目绩效向变更控制委员会（CCB）识别输入。
C. 通过观察和衡量项目绩效来更新过程改进计划。
D.通过观察和衡量项目绩效来更新项目管理计划。
4. A project manager is assigned to an existing project and needs to understand the project
deliverables. The project manager should refer to which of the following?
A. Project charter
B. Project requirements specification
C. Project scope statement
D. Project schedule
4. 项目经理被任命管理一个现有项目，需要了解项目可交付成果。项目经理应该参考
下列哪一份文件？
A. 项目章程
B. 项目需求规范
C. 项目范围说明书
D. 项目进度表
5. A project involving multiple contractors is completed. When closing the project, what
should the project manager do?
A. Update project documentation.
B. Initiate plans for future procurement actions.
C. Reassign contractor resources to another project
D. Ensure all project documentation is archived.
5. 一个涉及多个承包商的项目完成了。项目收尾时，项目经理应该怎么做？
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
A. 更新项目文档。
B. 启动未来采购行动计划。
C. 将承包商的资源重新分配到另一个项目。
D. 确保所有项目文档均已存档。
6. A project manager gathers the first round of requirements in a group meeting with key
stakeholders. One of the stakeholders controls the conversation and the project manager fears
that not all requirements are fully identified.
To ensure the requirements are fully and accurately documented in a non-biased manner, the
project manager should do which of the following?
A. Hold a second meeting that excludes the vocal stakeholder.
B. Provide an anonymous communication channel for all stakeholders to provide feedback.
C. Document the potential for incomplete requirements in the risk register.
D. Allow the integrated change control process to capture future requirement changes.
6. 项目经理在与关键干系人召开的集体会议中收集到第一轮需求。但是其中一名项目
干系人掌控了对话，项目经理担心未充分识别所有需求。
若要确保需求通过一种公正方式充分准确记录，项目经理应该采取下列哪一项措施？
A. 再召开一次会议，将发言的干系人排除在外。
B. 向所有项目干系人提供一个匿名沟通渠道，以便他们提供反馈。
C. 将需求不完整的潜在风险记录在风险登记册中。
D. 允许实施整体变更控制过程，来收集未来的需求变更。
7. A project manager is assigned to a project with a rapidly changing environment. The
requirements scope is difficult to define in advance.
Which of the following project life cycle models should assist the project manager to define
small incremental improvements and deliver best value to stakeholders?
A. Iterative and incremental life cycles
B. Adaptive life cycles
C. Predictive life cycles
D. Phase-to-phase relationships
7. 项目经理分配管理一个具有快速变化环境的项目。需求范围难以提前定义。
下列哪一个项目生命周期模型应协助项目经理定义较小的增量改进，并为干系人提供最
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
大价值？
A. 迭代型和增量型生命周期
B. 适应型生命用期
C. 预测型生命周期
D. 阶段到阶段关系
8. A project manager completes the development of a software project one month ahead of
schedule. An extra module, originally out of scope, now could be included, and the project
could still meet the delivery deadline.
What should the project manager do next?
A. A Move to the closing phase and save money for the
B. Inmate a change request to the change control board (CCB).
C. Seek a decision from the project sponsor.
D. Deliver the extra module.
8. 项目经理完成一个软件项目的开发，比进度计划提前一个月。这使得现在可以将一
个原本超出范围的额外模块包含在内，并且项目仍然满足交付期限。
项目经理下一步应该怎么做？
A. 进入收尾阶段，为组织节省资金。
B. 向变更控制委员会（CCB）提交一份变更请求。
C. 寻求项目发起人的决定。
D. 交付额外模块。
9. A company wants to implement a major change to its working procedures and outsources
vendors to deliver this change. The project manager and internal stakeholders define a
procurement management plan. Request for proposals (RFPs) are circulated and various
vendors respond. The project team shortlists two vendors, but is concerned that their
proposed costs exceed project guidelines.
What should the project manager do to complete the procurement process?
A. Ask the project sponsor to provide additional funds.
B. Select a third-party advisor to evaluate the project and provide cost estimates.
C. Conduct a make-or-buy analysis to evaluate the best option.
D. Ask the vendors to negotiate the price or risk losing the bid.
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
9. 公司希望对其工作程序实施一项重大变更，并外包给供应商交付这项变更。项目经
理和内部干系人制定了一份采购管理计划。分发了建议邀请书（RFP），不同供应商提
交了答复。项目团队将两个供应商加入候选名单，但担心他们提出的成本超出项目指导
方针。
若要完成采购过程，项目经理应该怎么做？
A. 要求项目发起人提供额外资金。
B. 选择第三方顾问评估项目，并提供成本估算。
C. 进行自制或外购分析，评估最佳方案。
D. 要求供应商协商价格，否则面临落选的风险。
10. A project manager meets with two team members who maintain opposing viewpoints. In
the meeting, the project manager emphasizes areas of agreement and plays down differences.
Which conflict management technique is the project is the project manager practicing?
A. Confront
B. Smooth
C. Force
D. Collaborate
10.项目经理与两名持相反观点的团队开会，会议中，项目经理强调一致而非差异。项
目经理采用的是哪种冲突管理技术？
A.面对
B.缓解
C.强迫
D.合作
11. A company launches a new project and the project team creates the project scope
statement.Which of the following should be included to ensure a clear and concise scope?
A. Work breakdown structure (WBS) elements, objective, and risks.
B. Deliverables, assumptions, and constraints.
C. Stakeholders, requirements, and sponsors.
D. Objectives, timeline, and budget.
11.公司推出一个新的项目，项目团队创建了项目范围说明书。应包含下列哪一项确保
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
拥有简明扼要的范围？
A.工作分解结构（WBS）要素、目标和风险
B.可交付成果、假设和约束条件
C.干系人、需求和发起人
D.目标、时间线和预算
12. During installation of new software, a project manager discovers that the time require to
perform a specific functionality is unacceptable to the client. The project manager collects 10
measurements of the functionality’s time: two are above the median, two are on the median,
five are below the median, and one is above the proposed limit.
Based on these measurements, what can the project manager determine about the
functionality?
A. The expected limit needs to be changed to accommodate the maximum time taken to
create the quote.
B. It is control, as 9 out of 10 times the creation time is within the expected limit.
C. It is out of control.
D. The median needs to be recalculated.
12.在安装新软件期间，项目经理发现执行一项特定功能所需的时间不被客户接受。项
目经理收集了该功能时间的10 个测量值；其中两个高于平均值，两个在平均值上，五
个低于平均值，还有一个大于建议的限值。
根据这些测量值，项目经理可以确定出该功能相关的什么结果？
A.需要更改语气限值，以满足创建报价时所花的最多时间。
B.处于控制当中，因为10 个创建时间中有9 个处于预期限值范围内。
C.失控。
D.平均值需要重新计算。
13. A buyer seller sign a contract statement of work. The seller completes the work as
specified in the contract; however, the buyer is not satisfied with the results.
What is the status of the contract?
A. Incomplete
B. Waived
C. Complete
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
D. Null and void
13.买方和卖方签署了一份合同工作说明书。卖方按合同规定完成工作；然而，买方却
对工作结果不满意。
合同的状态是什么？
A.未完成
B.放弃
C.完成
D.无效
14. A project team member updates the status of a project task and finds it is behind schedule.
What should the project manager use to assess the impact of the status update to the original
baseline?
A. Work performance information
B. Resource leveling
C. PERT
D.What-if analysis
14.项目团队成员更新了项目任务状态，并发现项目落后于进度。项目经理应使用下列
哪一项来评价状态更新对原始基准的影响？
A.工作绩效信息
B.资源平衡
C. PERT
D.假设情景分析
15. Which of the following organizational types is the most efficient for executing several
small projects that require different technical expertise?
A. Weak matrix
B. Projectized
C. Balanced matrix
D. Composite
15. 下列哪一个是执行需要不同技术知识的多个小项目最有效的组织类型？
A.弱矩阵型组织
B.项目型组织
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
C.平衡矩阵型
D.复合型
16. A change control board (CCB) approves several changes to a project that impact both the
schedule and the budget. Which of the following should be required?
A. Corrective actions or defect repair
B. Corrective or rescheduling actions
C. Defect repair or redefining actions
D. Forced or preventive actions
16.变更控制委员会（CCB）批准了一些影响项目进度和预算的变更。下列哪一项应该
是必需的？
A.纠正措施或缺陷补救
B.纠正措施或重定进度措施
C.缺陷补救或重新定义措施
D.强制或预防措施
17. After reviewing team members’ skill profiles, the project manager determines specific
required skills are missing.What should the project manager do to address this situation?
A. Create a training plan to develop the needed skills.
B. Escalate the issue to senior management.
C. Adapt the project’s scope to the skill sets of the team members.
D. Request new project team members with the project sponsor’s assistance.
17.审查完团队成员的技能情况后，项目经理发现缺少某些必要技能。为解决这种情况，
项目经理应该怎么做？
A.创建一份培训计划，培养需要的技能。
B. 将问题上报给高级管理层。
C. 调整项目范围使之适应团队成员的技能集。
D. 在项目发起人的帮助下申请加入新项目团队成员。
18. A new CEO changes the company’s strategy. As a result, initiatives are re-prioritized. One
project is completed but not yet closed.
What documents should the project manager submit to the business unit?
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
A. Project management plan and project statement of word (SOW); historical information
B. Performance scorecard; requirements and deliverable acceptance documents
C. Deliverable acceptance and project closure documents; project files
D. Deliverable acceptance and post-project review documents; performance scorecard
18. 一名新的CEO 更改了公司战略。结果，各项计划都要重新排序。一个项目已经完
成，但还未收尾。项目经理应该向业务单位提交下列哪些文件？
A. 项目管理计划和项目工作说明书（SOW）；历史信息
B. 绩效记分卡；需求和可交付成果验收文件
C. 可交付成果验收和项目收尾文件；项目档案
D. 可交付成果验收和项目后评价文件；绩效记分卡
19. During project execution, the project manager identifies that team’s conflicting behavior
caused some milestones to be missed. To avoid this situation, what should the project
manager have done?
A. Contacted all team members’ functional supervisors and requested their intervention
B. Initiated a team meeting to reach consensus about behavioral ground rules
C. Sent a communication informing the team members of the expected behavior
D. Included soft skills training on problem-solving techniques in training plants
19.在项目执行期间，项目经理确认团队的冲突行为导致一些里程碑未达到。为避免这
种情况，项目经理应该事先做什么？
A.联系所有团队成员的职能主管，请求他们的干预
B.安排一次团队会议，对行为基本规则达成一致意见
C.发送一封函件，通知团队成员所期望的行为
D.在培训计划中包含进有关问题解决技巧方面的软技能培训
20. A project manager works on a project to develop stronger materials. To determine which
combination of ingredients will produce a strong material at a reasonable cost, what should
the project manager consider?
A. Quality circle
B. Benchmarking
C. Delphi technique
D. Design of experiments
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
20.项目经理正在为一个开发更强材料的项目工作。若要确定哪种成分将以合理的成本
生产出更强的材料，项目经理应该考虑哪一项？
A.品质圈
B.标杆对照
C.德尔菲技术
D.实验设计
21. During project implementation, a stakeholder indicates that some deliverables do not
comply with specifications. The project manager states these specifications were discussed in
project meetings, and the agreed outcomes were communicated and documented in published
reports, meetings, and the agreed outcomes were communicated and documented in
published reports. To avoid this outcome, what should have been done in the planning phase?
A. Analyzed communication requirements in the stakeholder management plan
B. Included the stakeholder in the quality management plan preparation
C. No action is necessary; the stakeholder should have reviewed the distributed information
D. Addressed deliverables and expectations at the kick-off meeting
21.在项目实施期间，一名干系人指出某些可交付成果不符合规范要求。项目经理表示
这些规范要求已在项目会议上讨论过，并已沟通了约定成果，记录在发布的报告中。
为避免这种结果，在规划阶段应完成哪一项工作？
A.在干系人管理计划中分析沟通需求
B.将干系人包含在质量管理计划准备过程中
C.没有必要采取任何行动；干系人应已查看分发的所有信息
D.在项目启动大会上公布可交付成果和期望
22. A project manager is asked to perform a cost-benefit analysis for two potential projects.
Project A costs US$1.2 billion, with potential benefits of US$6 billion and future operating
costs of US$1.5 billion.
Project B costs US$1.4 billion, with potential benefits of US$7 billion and future operating
costs of US$1 billion.
Which project should the project manager recommend?
A. Project B; the potential benefits minus the costs to implement are greater than the same
calculation for project A.
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
B. Project A; the cost to implement is less than project B.
C. Project B; the potential benefits minus the implementation and future operating costs are
greater than the same calculation for project A.
D. Project A; the potential benefits plus the future operating costs are less than the same
calculation for project B.
22.项目经理被要求为两个潜在项目执行成本效益分析。
项目 A成本为$12 亿美元，潜在效益为$60 亿美元，未来运营成本为$15 亿美元。
项目 B 成本为$14 亿美元，潜在效益为$70 亿美元，未来运营成本为$10 亿美元。
项目经理应该推荐哪一个项目组？
A.项目B：因为潜在效益减去执行成本所得的值大于项目A所得值。
B.项目A：因为执行成本低于项目B。
C.项目B：因为潜在效益减去执行成本和未来运营成本所得的值大于项目A所的值。
D.项目A：因为潜在效益加上未来运营成本所得的值小于项目B 所的值。
23. What tool should the project manager use to demonstrate to the customer that the final
product meets the business needs?
A. Work breakdown structure
B. Project scope statement
C. Requirements traceability matrix
D. Project management plan
23.项目经理应使用什么工具来向客户证明最终产品需求满足业务需求？
A.工作分解结构
B.项目范围说明书
C.需求跟踪矩阵
D.项目管理计划
24. A project sponsor and project manager are developing a project charter for a new energy
plant. There are several plant locations under consideration, which could influence project
costs.
To select the most appropriate location, which of the following should the project sponsor and
project manager work on first?
A. Business need
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
B. Project scope statement
C. Business case
D. Project budget
24.项目发起人和项目经理正在为新的能源厂制定项目章程。有多个厂址可供考虑，但
可能影响项目成本。
A.商业需求
B.项目范围说明书
C.商业论证
D.项目预算
25. A project’s deliverable must comply with legal guidelines. To ensure these standards are
met, the project manager implements training for the project team on these guidelines.
The cost of the training should be assigned to which of the following?
A. Prevention costs
B. Appraisal costs
C. Internal failure costs
D. External failure costs
25.项目的可交付成果必须遵守法律指导方针。为了确保满足这些标准，项目经理为项
目团队实施了有关这些指导方针的培训。
培训成本应归到下列哪一项？
A.预防成本
B.评价成本
C.内部失败成本
D.外部失败成本
26. Concerned about the quantity of irrelevant project-related emails, a team member believes
that a deliverable will be delayed, because of the time spent reading and replying to emails.
What should the project manager do?
A. Ask the team member to work overtime to complete the work.
B. Ask the project team to change the communications management plan.
C. Reinforce the time management plan guidelines with the project team.
D. Reinforce the communications management plan guidelines with the project team.
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
26.担心项目无关的邮件数量，一名团队成员认为其中一个可交付成果将延迟，因为时
间都花在阅读和回复邮件上。项目经理应该怎么做？
A.要求团队成员加班完成工作。
B.要求项目团队更改项目沟通管理计划。
C.与项目团队一起巩固时间管理计划指南。
D.与项目团队一起巩固沟通管理计划指南。
27. A newly assigned project manager determines that the project is on time and within
budget. However, a supplier’s deliverables will be delayed.
What should the new project manager do next?
A. Conduct a quantitative risk analysis and identify how the risk must be addressed.
B. Meet with the supplier and request an immediate resolution.
C. Identify and evaluate the projected impact on cost and schedule.
D. Execute the contingency plan to address the impact on the project schedule.
27.一名新任命的项目经理确定项目符合时间和预算要求。但是，一名供应商的可交付
成果将延迟。新项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A.实施一次定量风险分析，并确定必须如何解决风险。
B.与供应商开会，并要求立即解决。
C.确定并评估对项目成本和进度的影响。
D.执行应急计划解决对项目进度的影响。
28. A project manager is asked to refine project estimates by the sponsor. The project
manager identifies a specific activity on the project management plan that needs refinement.
Based on initial estimates, the most likely activity duration is two days; however the
best-case scenario is one day and the worse-case scenario is four days.
Using the program evaluation and review technique (PERT), what is the expected activity
duration that the project manager should put into the project management plan?
A. 2.33 days
B. 1.88 days
C. 2.17 days
D. 3.23days
28.项目发起人要求项目经理细化项目估算。项目经理确定项目管理计划中某个具体活
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
动需要细化。根据初始估算，最可能的活动持续时间为两天；但是最乐观情况为一天，
而最悲观的情况为四天。
使用计划评审技术（PERT），项目经理应在项目管理计划中写入的预期活动持续时间是
多少天？
A.2.33 天
B.1.88天
C.2.17天
D.3.23 天
29. A new project includes stakeholders from various countries with different expectations.
What should the project manager do to ensure that all stakeholders will be informed about the
project status?
A. Develop a communications management plan.
B. Develop a project charter.
C. Develop a stakeholder register.
D. Develop a stakeholder management plan.
29.新项目包括来自不同国家、带有不同期望的干系人。若要确保所有干系人都能获得
项目状态的通知，项目经理应该怎么做？
A.制定沟通管理计划。
B.制定项目章程。
C.制定干系人登记册。
D.制定干系人管理计划。
30. A local supplier is unable to meet a delivery date. The project team did not anticipate this
new threat to the supply of the product. Importing this product will cost the project twice the
price that the local vendor charges.
A. Contingency reserve
B. Project budget reserve
C. Management reserve
D. Risk response reserve
30.本地供应商无法满足交付日期。项目团队没有预计到这个产品供应的新威胁。进口
该产品将让项目成本比使用本地供应商的花费贵两倍。
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
项目经理应使用什么来为这项工作提供资金？
A.应急储备
B.项目预算储备
C.管理储备
D.风险应对储备
31. Due to an interpersonal conflict between two team members, team morale and
productivity are negatively affected. What conflict management technique should the project
manager use to resolve the conflict immediately?
A. Smooth/accommodate
B. Withdraw/avoid
C. Compromise/reconcile
D. Force/direct
31.由于两名团队成员之间的人际冲突，团队士气和生产力受到不利影响。项目经理应
使用什么冲突管理技术来立即解决冲突。
A.缓解/包容
B.撤退/回避
C.妥协/调解
D.强迫/命令
32. A project is cancelled near its completion. Prior to releasing the team, the project manager
should ensure that which of the following are addressed?
A. Completion of performance reviews and payment to consultants.
B. Notification of sponsors and updating of the project management plan and project
documents.
C. Execution of lessons learned and celebration of the team’s achievements.
D. Retention of the intermediate-phase product and handling of administrative closure.
32.一个项目在接近完工时被取消了。在遣散项目团队之前，项目经理应确保解决下列
哪一项？
A.完成绩效审查并向顾问付款。
B.通知项目发起人，并更新项目管理计划和项目文件。
C.执行经验教训和庆祝团队成就。
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
D.保留中间阶段产品，并处理行政收尾。
33. A project manager performs a cost estimate using historical data and statistical estimation
methods.Which of the following estimation methods is being applied?
A. Three-point
B. Analogous
C. Parametric
D. PERT weighted average
33.项目经理使用历史数据和统计估算方法执行成本估算。这应用了下列哪一项估算方
法？
A.三点估算
B.类比估算
C.参数估算
D.PERT 加权平均值
34. A project manager is assigned a project with a demanding client. The project is dynamic
and requires constant improvements and client feedback.
Which of the following approaches should the project manager adopt for this project?
A. Extreme project management approaches should the project manager adopt for this
project.
B. Agile project management approach, as it is fast and iterative.
C. Traditional project management approach, as it is simple and intuitive.
D. Lean six-sigma management approach, as it fits the project constraints.
34.项目经理被分配管理一个要求苛刻客户的项目。项目是动态的，要求持续改进以及
客户反馈。项目经理应为该项目采取下列哪一个方法？
A.极端项目管理方法，因为项目目标不明确
B.敏捷项目管理方法，因为其快速且具有重复性
C.传统项目管理方法，因为其简单且直观
D.精益六西格玛管理法，因为其适合项目的约束和限制
35. The project manager plans a strategic project with a similar to a previously completed
project. The current project uses experienced staff provided by a business partner. The project
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
manager must decide how to prepare cost estimates.
What should the project manager do first?
A. Use a vendor bid analysis
B. Refer to the procurement management plan.
C. Use expert judgment with support of the organization’s knowledge base.
D. Refer to the lessons learned from the previous project.
35.项目经理正在规划一个与之前已完成项目的范围类似的战略项目。当前的项目使用
业务合作伙伴提供的经验丰富人员。项目经理必须决定如何准备成本估算。
项目经理首先应该做什么？
A.使用卖方投标分析。
B.查阅采购管理计划。
C.使用专家判断，以及组织知识库的支持。
D.参考之前项目的经验教训。
36. Three project tasks require services which the company cannot provide. To resolve this
issue, what should the project manager do?
A. Refer to the procurement management plan.
B. Initiate a project change request to use different services.
C. Ask the functional manager to recommend vendors.
D. Update the project schedule according to available resources.
36.有三个项目任务所需要的服务，公司无法提供。为解决这个问题，项目经理应该做
什么？
A.查阅采购管理计划
B.发起项目变更请求，使用不同的服务。
C.要求职能经理推荐供应商。
D.按照可用资源更新项目进度。
37. A project manager develops a graph that depicts earned value management (EVM) using
cost performance index (CPI) and schedule performance index (SPI) measures on a chart.
The project management office (PMO) has guidelines stating that any project cost or schedule
variance exceeding 10 percent must be the office.
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
What should the project manager report?
A. The project has a schedule delay and cost overrun.
B. The project has a cost overrun only.
C. The project has a schedule delay only.
D. There are no issues with project.
37.项目经理制作了一份图表来描述挣值管理（EVM），图表中使用成本绩效指数（CPI）
和进度绩效指数（SPI）来衡量指标。项目管理办公室（PMO）的指导方针规定，如任
何项目成本或进度偏差超过10%，必须上报到项目管理办公室。
项目经理应上报什么内容？
A.项目进度延迟且成本超支。
B.项目只是成本超支。
C.项目只是进度延迟。
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
D.项目没有任何问题。
38. While working on an approved change request, the project team adds a functionality that
is not part of the approved change request. The project manager believes the functionality
will be beneficial.
To manage this additional change, what should the project manager do next?
A. Submit a new change request for approval.
B. Perform stakeholder analysis.
C. Document the additional functionality as part of the original change request.
D. Consult with the project sponsor.
38.在为一项已获批准的变更请求工作时，项目团队添加了一个不属于已批准变更请求
的功能。项目经理认为这项功能将十分有益。
若要管理这个额外的变更，项目经理下一步应该做什么？
A.提交一份新的变更请求用户批准。
B.执行干系人分析。
C.将额外功能记录作为原始变更请求的组成部分。
D.咨询项目发起人。
39. A project manager starts a project to build a new facility. The client states that if the
project baseline is modified, the project manager must go through several levels of approval.
To record the approval levels, the project manager should develop which of the following?
A. Change control procedure
B. Issue log
C. Stakeholder management plan
D. Stakeholder register
39.项目经理开始一个建设新厂房的项目。客户提出如果修改项目基准，项目经理必须
经过多级审批。为了记录这些审批环节，项目经理应制定下列哪一项？
A.变更控制程序
B.问题日志
C.干系人管理计划
D.干系人登记册
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
40. During a multimillion dollar project the project team encounters a high failure rate of
intermediate deliverables which causes the company’s management to be concerned. Which
tool should the project manager use to identify the root cause of this issue?
A. Fishbone diagram
B. Histogram
C. Scatter diagram
D. Flowcharts
40.在执行一个价值数百万美元的项目期间，项目团队遭遇到中间可交付成果高故障率，
导致公司管理层十分担忧。项目经理应利用下列哪一项工具来识别这个问题的根本原
因？
A.鱼骨图
B.直方图
C.散点图
D.流程图
41. A project manager completes three months of work with a variance of US$-3,000. The
earned value analysis shows which of the following?
A. Favorable; the project is performing more efficiently than planned.
B. Unfavorable; the project is performing less efficiently than planned.
C. Favorable; the project is ahead of schedule.
D. Unfavorable; the project is behind schedule.
41.项目经理完成三个月的工作，成本偏差为$-3000 美元。挣值分析显示下列哪一项？
A.有利：项目的执行效率比计划高。
B.不利：项目的执行效率比计划低。
C.有利：项目提前于进度。
D.不利：项目落后于进度。
42. During a company’s relocation to a new data center, a project team member discovers that
the new data center’s power supply will not be sufficient. To support forecasted growth over
the next three years, additional resources costing US$480,000 will be required.
As the project manager had previously identified this as a risk, what tool should have been
used to determine if the contingency budget would adequately cover the costs?
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
A. Status meeting
B. Reserve analysis
C. Risk reassessment
D. Technical performance measurement
42.在公司迁址到一个新数据中心期间，一名项目团队成员发现新数据中心的电源不足。
为了支持在未来三年内的预测增长，将需要S$48 万的额外资源。由于项目经理之前已
将此识别为一个风险，应使用什么工具来确定应急储备足以涵盖成本？
A.状态会议
B.储备分析
C.风险再评估
D.技术绩效测量
43. After reviewing a teat plan, a project manager determines that the budget is inadequate to
execute the plan.What will help to balance the cost constraint and the quality goals?
A. Risk register
B. Fishbone diagrams
C. Prioritization matrices
D. Control charts
43.在审查一份测试计划后，项目经理确定预算不足以执行该计划。哪一项有助于平衡
成本制约因素和质量目标？
A.风险登记册
B.鱼骨图
C.优先顺序矩阵
D.控制图
44. During a project, the project manager is informed of new requirements that need to be
delivered. The project manager also learns that two resources will be removed from the
project, which will impact the schedule.
To evaluate the impact of change and risks to the project’s execution, what should the project
manager reference?
A. Project management plan
B. Work breakdown structure
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
C. Resource schedule
D. Change management plan
44.在项目期间，项目经理收到需要交付新需求的通知，项目经理还了解到两名资源将
从项目离开，从而影响到进度。
为了评价这些变更和风险对项目执行的影响，项目经理应查阅哪一份文件？
A.项目管理计划
B.工作分解结构
C.资源进度计划
D.变更管理计划
45. During project implementation, several defects are found which creates a risk for the
completion of the next milestone However, the contingency reserve remains unaffected.
Some team members believe if the primary issue is identified and resolved, the majority of
the defects will be fixed.
Which of the following tools should the project manager use next?
A. Cause and effect diagram
B. Affinity diagram
C. Scatter diagram
D. Histograms
45.在项目实施期间发现多个缺陷，这对完成下一个里程碑造成风险。然而，应急储备
却未受影响。一些团队成员认为如果已经识别并解决主要问题，大部分缺陷将得到解决。
接下来，项目经理应该使用下列哪一项工具？
A.因果图
B.亲和图
C.散点图
D.直方图
46. The project sponsor and stakeholders want to start a project immediately. In previous
meetings, the objectives and requirements were discussed. However, the project manager
believes there are tasks pending before the project can begin.
To start the project the project manager needs which of the following?
A. Approved project management plan.
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
B. Approved project charter
C. Estimation of project funding
D. Defined statement of work
46.项目发起人和干系人希望立即开始一个项目，项目目标和需求已在之前的会议中讨
论过。但是，项目经理认为可以开始项目之前还有一些未决的任务
为了开始项目，项目经理需要下列哪一项？
A.经批准的项目管理计划
B.经批准的项目章程
C.项目资金估算
D.已定义的工作说明书
47.
Project Length (Months) 8.00
Budget at Completion (BAC) US$20,000
Actual Cost for Work Performed (ACWP) US$8,000 Actual Cost (AC)
Budgeted Cost for Work Performed
(BCWP)
US$7,500 Earned Value (EV)
Budgeted Cost for Work Scheduled (BCWS) US$8,500 Planned value (PV)
What does the data indicate about a project’s rate of progress?
A. Both budget and schedule are ahead of target.
B. Work accomplished to date is on target.
C. Budget revisions are necessary to bring the forecast in line.
D. Work accomplished to date is slower than planned.
47.
项目工期（月） 8.00
完工预期（BAC） 20,000 美元
已完工作实际成本（ACWP） 8,000 美元实际成本(AC)
已完工作预算成本（BCWP） 7,500 美元挣值(EV)
计划工作预算成本（BCWS） 8,500 美元计划价值(PV)
这个数据表明了什么项目进展速度？
A.预算和进度都提前于目标。
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
B.到目前为止完成的工作都符合目标。
C.有必要进行预算修订，让预测保持一致。
D.到目前为止完成的工作要比计划慢。
48. A project manager has gained commitment and acceptance for a project from the project
sponsor. This is an output of which of the following?
A. Project management plan
B. Business case
C. Stakeholder management plan
D. Project charter
48.项目经理已经获得项目发起人对项目的承诺和验收。这属于下列哪一项的输出？
A.项目管理计划
B.商业论证
C.干系人管理计划
D.项目章程
49. A project manager is assigned to a project to replace an outdated system. During
installation, the equipment is damaged and requires technical resources to repair it.
What document must be updated to communicate this occurrence with the stakeholders?
A. Issue log
B. Status report
C. Incident management plan
D. Resource allocation matrix
49.项目经理被任命管理一个更换过时系统的项目。在安装期间，设备损坏，并要求技
术资源修理。必须更新哪一份文件将这种情况与干系人沟通？
A.问题日志
B.状态报告
C.时间管理计划
D.资源分配矩阵
50. In a weak matrix organization, a project manager experiences difficulties working with a
functional manager who is also a project team member. This team member is responsible for
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
project tasks which have not been completed in accordance with the schedule. The issue has
discussed with the team member on more than on occasion with no improvement.
What should the project manager do next?
A. Escalate the issue to the human resources department for resolution.
B. Communicate the issue to the project sponsor and request support for resolution
C. Schedule a team meeting to discuss the status and options.
D. Update the risk register and log.
50.在一个弱矩阵型组织中，项目经理经历了与同时也是项目团队成员的职能经理共事
合作方面的困难。该团队成员负责的项目任务没有按照进度计划完成。这个问题已经在
不止一个场合中与该团队成员讨论过，但仍无任何改进。项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A.将问题上报给人力资源部门解决。
B.与项目发起人沟通这个问题，并请求解决支持。
C.安排一次团队会议，讨论状态和选择方案。
D.更新风险登记册和问题日志。
51. Midway through the project, the project manager realizes these will not be enough time to
complete all deliverables.What should the project the project manager do next?
A. Assess the issues that caused the current situation.
B. Provide the customer with alternatives for project deliverables.
C. Present a cause and effect analysis to the customer.
D. Schedule a meeting with the customer.
51.项目中途，项目经理意识到没有足够的时间来完成所有可交付成果。项目经理下一
步该怎么做？
A.评估导致当前情况的问题。
B.向客户提供项目可交付成果的替代方案。
C.项目客户提交因果分析。
D.安排一次与客户的会议。
52. A portion of a project’s solution is estimated to cost US$75,000, and may be outsourced
to a subcontractor. Before making a decision to outsource, what type of analysis should be
performed?
A. Earned monetary value
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
B. Make-or-buy
C. Expert judgment
D. Proposal evaluation techniques
52.项目解决方案的其中一部分估算成本为75000 美元，可以外包给一名分包商。在做
出外包决定之前，应执行哪种分析类型？
A.挣得的货币价值
B.自制或外购分析
C.专家判断
D.建议书评价技术
53. A company conducts its final inspection of a product manager delivered by a supplier. The
project learns that ownership of the deliverables will not be transferred to the company until
the supplier replaces a defective part.
A. Determine if the defective part can be modified.
B. Conduct the Validate Scope process.
C. Review the stakeholder management plan.
D. Review quality control measurements.
53.一家公司对由一个供应商所支付的产品进行最终检查，项目经理了解到在供应商更
换缺陷零件之前，该项可交付成果的所有权将不会转移到公司。
为确保该项目可交付成果的最终验收，项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A.确定缺陷零件是否可修补。
B.开展核实范围过程。
C.审查干系人管理计划。
D.审查质量控制测量。
54. During a project’s execution, the program manager advises the project manager that the
project will be cancelled. What should the project manager do next?
A. Reassign the resources to other projects.
B. Continue the phase to completion.
C. Meet with the project sponsor and the program manager.
D. Create a change request for the delivery manager.
54.在项目执行期间，项目集经理通知项目经理项目将被取消。项目经理下一步该怎么
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
做？
A.向其他项目重新分配资源。
B.继续阶段完成。
C.与项目发起人和项目集经理开会。
D.向交付经理创建一份变更请求。
55. A project manager calculates that a project’s schedule performance index (SPI) is .95 and
its cost performance index (CPI) is 1.04. Which of the following indicates the status of the
project?
A. Behind schedule and under budget
B. Ahead of schedule and over budget
C. Behind schedule and over budget
D. Ahead of schedule and under budget
55.项目经理计算项目的进度绩效指数（SPI）为0.95，成本绩效指数（CPI）为1.04.下
列哪一项说明了项目状态？
A.落后于进度，但低于预算
B.提前于进度，但超出预算
C.落后于进度，并超出预算
D.提前于进度，并低于预算
56. During the new product development project, the government issues new regulations
which increase the import taxes for parts.What should the project manager do next?
A. Present a change request to the change control board.
B. Ask the sponsor how this issue should be managed.
C. Evaluate the risk register.
D. Use the contingency budget.
56.在新产品开发项目期间，政府颁布新的法规，提高了零件进口关税。项目经理下一
步该怎么做？
A.向变更控制委员会提交变更请求。
B.询问发起人应如何解决这个问题。
C.评估风险登记册。
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
D.使用应急预算。
57. What should the team consider to be most important while creating the probability and
impact matrix to support the project risk analysis?
A. Project scope and project deliverables
B. Schedule and budget contingencies and reserves
C. Possible effect on the objectives of the project
D. Interactions that will occur on the project
57.当创建概率和影响矩阵来支持项目风险分析时，项目团队认为最重要的是什么？
A.项目范围和项目可交付成果
B.进度和预算应急和储备
C.对项目目标的可能影响
D.项目将发生的交互
58. A global project has teas in multiple locations that do not have visibility to the overall
project management plan, including milestone and project expectations. During the project,
the project manager realizes that this is a mistake and all information should be shared with
all project teams regardless of location.
When should the project manager have shared the information with the project team?
A. During project team development
B. At the project initiation phase
C. During each status review meeting
D. At the project kick-off meeting
58.一个全球性项目拥有分布多个地点的项目团队，对整个项目管理计划没有可加性，
包括里程碑和项目期望。在项目期间，项目经理意识到这是个错误，且所有信息应与所
有项目团队分享，无论所在位置在哪。
项目经理应在何时与项目团队共享信息？
A.在项目团队发展期间
B.在项目启动阶段
C.在每次状态审查会上
D.在项目启动大会上
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
59. A project manager asks the human resource department to organize a teamwork session to
develop a project team. Which of the following is an expected output of this process?
A. Human resource management plan
B. Project success
C. Social styles profile
D. Team performance assessments
59.项目经理要求人力资源部门组织一次团队协作会议来建设项目团队。这一过程的预
期输出将是下列哪一项？
A.人力资源管理计划
B.项目管理计划
C.社交风格简洁
D.团队绩效评价
60. A company’s project A is on schedule and within budget. The general manager wants to
capture new business opportunities and requests the initiation of project B. To deliver project
B on time, a majority of project A’s resources must be transferred to project B.
What should the project manager do next?
A. Inform the general manager that project A is already mandated by the charter and has
priority.
B. Discuss with the head of the steering committee the impact on project A and request a
decision.
C. Continue working on project A with minimum ream size and begin project B.
D. Contact the project sponsors and discuss the situation.
60.公司的项目A 目前符合进度并在预算之内。但是总经理希望抓住新的业务机会，要
求启动项目B。为了按时交付项目B，项目A的大部分资源必须转移到项目B。
项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A.通知总经理项目A已经由项目章程强制要求并具有优先级。
B.与指导委员会的负责人讨论对项目A的影响，并请求作出决定。
C.在拥有最小团队规模的情况下继续项目A的工作，并开始项目B。
D.与项目发起人联系并讨论该情况。
61. Midway through implementation of a construction project, a supplier fails to deliver
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
cement and jeopardizes the project schedule. The construction team leader asks the project
manager to implement a contingency plan.
What action should the project manager take?
A. Inform project stakeholders of the risk occurrence.
B. Implement a workaround.
C. Refer to the risk register.
D. Brainstorm with the team.
61.在实施一个施工项目中途，供应商未能交付水泥，这危及项目的进度计划。施工团
队领导要求项目经理实施应急计划。
项目经理应该采取什么措施？
A.通知项目干系人发生该风险。
B.实施权变措施。
C.查阅风险登记册。
D.与团队头脑风暴。
62. To guarantee their next project delivery, two project teams require the same critical
resource within the same timeframe.What should the project manager do first?
A. Inform the customer that the delivery will be delayed.
B. Advise the resource to work overtime to complete both activities.
C. Review the human resource management plan and contact a preferred consulting film.
D. Arrange a joint problem-solving session with the two team leaders to identify possible
actions.
62.为保证下一次项目交付，两个项目团队在相同的时间范围内需要相同的关键资源。
项目经理首先应该做什么？
A.通知客户将延迟交付。
B.通知资源加班工作完成两项活动。
C.审查人力资源管理计划并联系一家首选顾问公司。
D.与两名团队领导安排一次联合问题解决会议，确定可能的行动。
63. The project manager must create the project management plan. The project scope is to
develop a product that is similar to an existing product in the market. The project worked on
this type of product in another company.
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
What should the project manager do next?
A. Begin developing time and cost planning activities for the project.
B. Identify data from the previous project and begin time and cost planning activities.
C. Begin documenting the requirements before time and cost planning activities, based upon
experience.
D. Prepare requirements documentation and time and cost planning activities in parallel,
based upon experience.
63.项目经理必须创建项目管理计划。项目范围是要开发一个与市场上已有产品相似的
产品。项目经理曾在另一家公司从事过这类产品的开发工作。
项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A.开始制定项目的时间和成本规划活动。
B.确定前一个项目的数据，并开始时间和成本规划活动之前，开始记录需求。
C.根据经验，在时间和成本规划活动之前，开始记录需求。
D.根据经验，同时准备需求文档以及时间和成本规划活动。
64. A buyer and a seller entered into a cost-plus-percentage-of-cost contract. Based on the
project’s defined scope, the contract had an estimated cost of US$140,000 and agreed-to
profit of 10 percent of the cost. However, the project was not a success, and the project’s
actual cost was US$ 150,000.
What is the total reimbursement to the seller?
A. US$ 165,000
B. US$ 150,000
C. US$ 154,000
D. US$ 140,000
64.买方和卖方签订一份成本加成本百分比合同。根据项目定义的范围，合同的估算成
本为140,000 美元，并约定利润为成本的10%。然而，项目并未成功，项目的实际成本
为150,000 美元。
那么给卖方的补偿总额是多少？
A.165,000 美元
B.150,000美元
C.154,000美元
D.140,000 美元
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
65. A project team installs a new operating system. Before implementation, the team tests the
system on a smaller, isolated network and discovers some issues. After finding solutions to
these issues the team still encounters implementation issues are greatly reduced.
Which of the following does the project team use?
A. Transferring risk
B. Mitigating risk
C. Accepting risk
D. Avoiding risk
65.项目团队安装一个新的操作系统。实施之前，该团队在一个较小独立的网络中测试
该系统，并发现一些问题。发现这些问题的解决方案之后，团队仍然碰到实施问题。然
而，问题数量和严重程度大大降低。
项目团队使用的是下列哪一项？
A.转移风险
B.减轻风险
C.接受风险
D.避免风险
66. In a functional organizational structure, a project with a critical completion date falls
behind schedule, but according to the earned value analysis, it is still under budget. To deliver
the project on time, the project manager suggests adding five skilled resources.
What should the project manager do next?
A. Update the human resource management plan and the schedule baseline.
B. Present the change request to the change control board for approval.
C. Present the change request to the project sponsor for approval.
D. Add additional resources as there are sufficient funds available.
66.在一个职能型组织结构中，拥有关键完工日期的项目落后于进度，但是按照挣值分
析，目前仍低于预算。为了按时交付项目，项目经理建议增加五个技能娴熟的资源。
项目经理下一步该怎么办？
A.更新人力资源管理计划和进度基准。
B.将变更单提交给变更控制委员会批准。
C.向项目发起人提交变更请求，用于批准。
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
D.增加额外的资源，因为有充足的可用资金。
67. A project team completes a project’s deliverables. To facilitate project closure, ownership
of the deliverables should be transferred to which of the following?
A. Project management office (PMO)
B. Assigned project stakeholders
C. Organizational process assets
D. Project sponsor
67.项目团队完成项目的可交付成果。为促进项目收尾，可交付成果的所有权应转移给
下列哪一项？
A.项目管理办公室（PMO）
B.被任命的项目干系人
C.组织过程资产
D.项目发起人
68. A new industry standard impact’s execution. The project manager discusses the impact
with the project sponsor.
What type of influence does this represent?
A. Organizational process
B. Change management
C. Risk management
D. Enterprise environmental factor
68.一个新的行业标准影响了项目执行。项目经理与项目发起人讨论影响。
这代表了哪种影响类型？
A.组织过程
B.变更管理
C.风险管理
D.事业环境因素
69. During the selection of a complex project, the project manager wants to ensure that the
potential suppliers have a clear understanding of requirements. The project manager identifies
three potential suppliers from a prequalified list.
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
What should the project manager do next?
A. Review the suppliers’ proposals.
B. Ask a third party to select the supplier that best fits the requirements.
C. Ask the sponsor for feedback on the prospective suppliers.
D. Invite the suppliers to a bidder conference.
69.在为一个复杂项目选择供应商期间，项目经理希望确保潜在供应商能明确了解需求。
项目经理从资格预审名单中确定了三名潜在供应商。
项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A.审查供应商的建议书。
B.让第三方选择最适合需求的供应商。
C.询问项目发起人对潜在供应商的反馈。
D.邀请供应商参加投标人会议。
70. A new product development project is on schedule. At the end of the execution phase, a
new law is issued that changes the product’s quality standards.
A. Communicate the changes to the sponsor.
B. Update the project’s scope management plan.
C. Negotiate for more funding to keep the project on schedule.
D. Complete and submit the change request form.
70.一个新产品开发项目符合进度。在执行阶段结束时，一项新法律颁布，更改了产品
的质量标准，项目经理首先应该做什么？
A.与发起人沟通变更。
B.更新项目沟通管理计划。
C.协商获得更多资金，保证项目符合进度。
D.完成并提交变更请求表。
71. During a project’s construction phase, the project sponsor decides to make a major
modification to the interior design.What should the project manager review first?
A. Scope baseline
B. Scope management plan
C. Change management plan
D. Configuration management plan
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
71.在项目施工阶段，项目发起人决定对内部设计进行重大修改。项目经理首先应该审
查哪一项？
A.范围基准
B.范围管理计划
C.变更管理计划
D.配置管理计划
72. The delivery of an inventory management system is outsourced under a US$4 million
contract. During the system deployment, developers find the test protocols do not meet
quality requirements. Additional time and funding is requested to complete testing.
Which of the following would contain the processes to evaluate requests for additional testing
and funding of US$20,000?
A. Risk management plan
B. Resource management plan
C. Change management plan
D. Quality management plan
72.一个库存管理系统的交付按价值$400 万美元的合同分包。在系统部署期间，开发商
发现测试协议不满足质量要求。需要额外的时间和资金来完成测试。
下列哪一项包含评估额外测试以及提供$20,000 美元资金的过程？
A.风险管理计划
B.资源管理计划
C.变更管理计划
D.质量管理计划
73. A project will close on time and within budget. Which of the following resources confirm
that project completions met?
A. Technical lead and project manager
B. Customer and portfolio manager
C. Project manager and business lead
D. Project manager and project sponsor
73.一个项目将按时按预算收尾。下列哪一项资源将确认项目满足完工条件。
A.技术主管和项目经理
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
B.客户和项目组合经理
C.项目经理和业务主管
D.项目经理和项目发起人
74. As the project nears completion, the customer voices concerns with the quality of the
product delivered.What method will identify the extent of the quality issues?
A. Six Sigma
B. Risk audit
C. Statistical sampling
D. Expert judgment
74.随着项目临近完工，客户表达了对于已交付产品质量的担忧。什么方法将识别质量
问题的范围？
A.六西格玛
B.风险审计
C.统计抽样
D.专家判断
75. A US$150,000 project requires the completion of the following tasks:
Task 1 starts today and has an estimated duration of 2 days.
Task 2 cannot start until Task 1 is finished and has an estimated duration of 8 days.
Task 3 cannot start until Task 1 is finished, must be completed before Task 4 start, and has a
duration of 4 days.
Task 4 cannot start until Task 2 is finished and has an estimated duration of 8 days.
Task 5 cannot start until Task 4 is finished and has estimated duration of 1 day.
What is the duration of the critical path?
A. 15 days
B. 17 days
C. 19 days
D. 23 days
75.一个价值150,000 美元的项目要求完成以下任务：
任务 1 今天开始，且估算持续时间为2 天。
任务 2 要在任务1 结束后才能开始，且估算持续时间为8 天。
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
任务 3 要在任务1 结束后才能开始，必须在任务4 开始之前完成，且估算持续时间为4
天。
任务 4 要在任务2 结束后才能开始，且估算持续时间为8 天。
任务 5 要在任务4 结束后才能开始，且估算持续时间为1 天。
关键路径的持续时间是多少？
A.15 天
B.17天
C.19天
D.23 天
76. The procurement department submits a request for proposal (REP) to potential vendors to
execute a project. After the bidder conferences, the project manager receives an email from
vendor A requesting clarification of the RFP.
What should the project manager do next?
A. Amend the RFP with the clarification and resend it to all the vendors.
B. Email all the vendors with the clarification.
C. Email vendor A with the clarification.
D. Obtain management’s approval before sending the information.
76.采购部向潜在供应商提交一份执行一个项目的建议邀请书（RFP）。投标人会议之后，
项目经理收到供应商A要求澄清RFP 的电子邮件。
项目经理下一步该怎么做?
A.修订RFP，增加澄清意见，并将其重新发送给所有供应商。
B.向所有供应商发送具有澄清意见的电子邮件。
C.向供应商A发送具有澄清意见的电子邮件。
D.发送信息之前获得管理层的批准。
77. During a post-implementation review, the client’s director indicates dissatisfaction with
the quality the project team delivered. Additionally, the client is concerned about budget
overruns.
What should the project manager do to improve the customer’s satisfaction on the next
project?
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
A. Meet with the project team to review and revise the project management plan.
B. Enhance monitoring and controlling activities for budgeting and quality.
C. Increase the frequency of the project status meetings.
D. Meet with the stakeholders and the project team of the closed project to gather lessons
learned.
77.在实施后评审期间，客户总监表示对项目团队所交付的质量不满意。另外，客户担
心预算超支。
项目经理应该做什么来改进客户对下一个项目的满意度？
A.与项目团队开会，审查并修订项目管理计划。
B.加强预算和质量的监控活动。
C.增加项目状态会议的频率。
D.与已收尾项目的干系人和项目团队开会收集经验教训。
78. After evaluating the project needs, the project manager decides to acquire a subject matter
expert, who will work virtually. What should the project manager do to plan project
communications?
A. Conduct a meeting and ask the internal team members to facilitate communications with
the virtual team member.
B. Take additional actions to set clear expectations and clarify how team members will
communicate.
C. Update and communicate the risk management plan to the customer.
D. Follow the same communication process for both the internal and virtual teams.
78.评估项目需求之后，项目经理决定招募一名主题专家，而该主题专家将采用虚拟方
式工作。为制定项目沟通计划，项目经理应该怎么做？
A.召开会议，并要求内部团队成员促进与虚拟团队成员的沟通。
B.采用其它措施，设定明确的期望，并澄清团队成员之间的沟通方式。
C.更新风险管理计划并与客户进行沟通。
D.让内部团队和虚拟团队遵循相同的沟通流程。
79. A stakeholder calls the project manager to ask why the project team issued a change in the
schedule. The project manager believes the change was discussed with the stakeholder, but
the stakeholder does not recall the conversation.
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
What should the project manager do differently to avoid this issue in the future?
A. Hold focus groups.
B. Create an issue log.
C. Choose a different medium.
D. Practice facilitation techniques.
79.一名干系人联系项目经理询问为什么项目团队在进度计划中签发了一项变更，项目
经理认为之前已与该干系人讨论过变更，但是干系人回忆不起对话。
若要在将来避免这个问题，项目经理应该采取什么不同措施？
A.召开焦点小组会议。
B.创建一份问题日志。
C.选择不同的媒介。
D.实行推进技术。
80. During project execution, the sponsor leaves the company. What should the project
manager do next?
A. Perform integrated change control.
B. Decentralize project authority and decision-making.
C. Produce a project status report.
D. Conduct a stakeholder analysis
80.在项目执行期间，项目发起人离开公司。项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A.实施整体变更控制。
B.分散项目权利和决策制定。
C.制作一份项目状态报告。
D.进行干系人分析。
81. During the execution phase, a new contractor takes over a project deliverable. The
remaining project deliverables are not affected by the contractor change.
During the kick-off meeting with the new contractor’s team, what should the project manager
address first?
A. Discuss the cost baseline.
B. Review the scope baseline.
C. Identify the team’s roles and responsibilities.
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
D. Outline the role of the project manager.
81.在执行阶段，一名新的承包商接手一项项目可交付成果，剩余的项目可交付成果并
未受到承包商变更的影响。
在与新承包商团队召开项目启动大会期间，项目经理首先应解决什么问题？
A.讨论成本基准
B.审查范围基准
C.确定团队的角色和职责。
D.概述项目经理的角色。
82. A project manager conducts a project in its earliest phase that is pending approval from
project stakeholders.What should the project manager use to influence stakeholders?
A. Project sponsor’s strategy
B. Selected sellers list and competitive analysis
C. Clarity about points and position, active listening, and awareness of stakeholders’ issues
D. Accurate work breakdown structure (WBS), list of deliverables, and communications
82.项目经理为一个处于最早期阶段的项目召开会议，正在等待项目干系人的批准。项
目经理应使用什么来影响干系人？
A.项目发起人的策略
B.选择的卖方清单和竞争分析
C.清晰表达观点和立场、积极倾听并了解干系人的问题
D.准确的工作分析结构（WBS）、可交付成果清单以及沟通管理计划
83. A company’s senior management team decides to boost customer relationships using
digital social networking. The project is agreed upon by the board of directors and given top
priority. At which Process Group is the project manager given the authority to apply
organizational resources to the subsequent project activities?
A. Initiating Process Group
B. Planning Process Group
C. Executing Process Group
D. Monitoring and Control Process Group
83.公司的高级管理层团队决定利用数学社交网络，提高客户关系。该项目由董事会商
定并列为最高优先事项。
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
项目经理将在哪个过程组被赋予职权，将组织资源应用到随后的项目活动？
A.启动过程组
B.规划过程组
C.执行过程组
D.监控过程组
84. A project is halfway through the implementation phase and has multiple suppliers in
different countries. One of the key suppliers has a long-term relationship with the project
sponsor. This supplier has a history missing delivery dates, but the pricing is very competitive.
If the supplier fails to meet its delivery dates, the project will be delayed.
What strategy should the project manager use?
A. Escalate it to the project sponsor.
B. Negotiate with other suppliers.
C. Accept the risk.
D. Utilize make-or-buy analysis.
84.一个项目正处于实施阶段中途，并在不同国家具有多个供应商。其中一名关键供应
商与项目发起人具有长期关系。该供应商曾有延误交付日期的历史记录，但是报价十分
具有竞争力。如果该供应商未能满足交付日期，则整个项目将会延期。
A.将问题上报给项目发起人
B.与其他供应商协商。
C.接受风险。
D.使用自制或外购分析。
85. On a construction project, a union delegate complains about the effort planned for some
of the resources.What should the project manager do to resolve this situation?
A. Revise the scope management plan with the union delegate to resolve the conflict.
B. Utilize stakeholder engagement management.
C. Contact the human resources department for guidance.
D. Identify the key issues and prioritize alternative decisions.
85.在一个施工项目上，一名工会代表抱怨为其中一些资源所安排的工作。若要解决这
种情况，项目经理应该怎么做？
A.与工会代表一起修订范围管理计划来解决这个冲突。
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
B.利用干系人参与项目管理。
C.联系人力资源部门获得指导意见。
D.识别关键问题，并对替代决定排列优先顺序。
86. A project manager observes that a risk documented in the register has not been mitigated.
To manage the risk, the project manager needs to source additional funding from which of the
following?
A. Budget reserve
B. Unallocated project budget
C. Contingency reserve
D. Management reserve
86.项目经理注意到在风险登记册中记录的风险未被减轻。若要管理这个风险，项目经
理需要从下列哪一项获得额外资金？
A.预算储备
B.未分配的项目预算
C.应急储备
D.管理储备
87. During the early phases of a project, the project manager realizes that the project budget
is dependent on the price of raw materials.What should the project manager do next?
A. Update the scope statement.
B. Buy the raw materials before prices increase.
C. Update the risk register.
D. Ask for a change request.
87.在项目早期阶段，项目经理意识到项目预算取决于原材料的价格。项目经理下一步
该怎么做？
A.更新范围说明书。
B.在价格上涨之前采购原材料。
C.更新风险登记册。
D.要求变更请求。
88. The project is initiated. Significant change occur that result in a progressively more
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
detailed project management plan.
What is this process called?
A. Define scope
B. Project control
C. Rolling wave planning
D. Project change management
88.项目已启动。发生重大变更，导致进一步更为详细的项目管理计划。
这个过程称作什么?
A.定义范围
B.项目控制
C.滚动式规则
D.项目变更管理
89. A project team has an abundance of data gathered from various workshops, focus group,
and brainstorming sessions. They are excited to use this data to create an innovative product
for the project.
How can the project team ensure that scope remains linked to the product requirements?
A. Produce a context diagram as a reference
B. Build a prototype for business approval
C. Benchmark the product requirements
D. Draft a requirements traceability matrix.
89.项目团队拥有从各个研讨会、焦点小组和头脑风暴会议收集的大量数据。他们很高
兴能利用这些数据为项目创建一个创新产品。
项目团队如何才能确保范围与产品需求挂钩？
A.制作一份背景图作为参考。
B.制作原型进行业务批准。
C.制定产品需求基准。
D.起草一份需求跟踪矩阵。
90. Midway through a construction project, outsourced construction workers go on strike for
wage-related disputes. This will affect the project’s schedule.
What should the project manager use to assess the feasibility of the project schedule under
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
these conditions?
A.What-if scenario analysis
B. Parametric estimating
C. Vendor bid analysis
D. Analogous estimating
90.在一个施工项目中途，外包施工工人因为工资方面的纠纷罢工。这将影响项目进度。
项目经理应使用下列哪一项来评估这些情况下的项目进度计划可行性？
A.假设情景分析
B.参数估算
C.卖方投标分析
D.类比估算
91. A new sponsor takes over a project in the execution phase. The sponsor directs the project
manager to shop approving the project resources’ timesheets. Instead, the sponsor assigns this
task to another team member.
To re-establish control, what should the project manager do next?
A. Organize a meeting with the sponsor to establish a new approval process.
B. Follow the new sponsor’s instructions and delegate the task to the team member.
C. Refer the sponsor to the human resource and management plan.
D. Refer the sponsor to the authority provided in the project charter.
91.一名新项目发起人接管一个处于执行阶段的项目。项目发起人要求项目经理停止批
准项目资源时间表。相反，发起人将该任务分配给另一名团队成员。
若要重新确立控制权，项目经理下一步应该做什么？
A.组织与项目发起人召开会议，确定新的批准流程。
B.遵循新项目发起人的指标，将任务委托给团队成员。
C.让项目发起人参考人力资源管理计划，
D.让项目发起人参考项目章程中提供的职权。
92. During a project’s initiation, project manager A realizes that project is dependent on and
linked other project. Project manager A attempts to change the plans of these other projects.
The other project managers feel that project manager A has overstepped boundaries.
Which document does project manager A need to revisit?
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
A. Scope management plan
B. Statement of work (SOW)
C. Organizational process assets
D. Project charter
92.在项目启动期间，项目经理A 意识到该项目与其他项目互相依存、息息相关。项目
经理A 尝试更改这些相关的其他项目的计划。但其他项目的项目经理认为项目经理A
超越界限。
项目经理需要重新查阅哪一份文件？
A.范围管理计划
B.工作说明书（SOW）
C.组织过程资产
D.项目章程
93. A project is delivered on-time, within the staffing budget, and is according to customer
requirements. The project seems to be successfully launched. However, three after the launch,
the customer is concerned with the product and proposes a new project and design change.
During project closing, what should the project manager have done?
A. Validated scope
B. Measured customer satisfaction
C. Reviewed test reports
D. Standardized inspections
93.在人员配备预算内，项目按时交付，且符合客户需求。项目看起来成功推出。但是，
就在推出后的三个月，客户对产品表示担心，并提出一个新项目和设计变更。
在项目收尾期间，项目经理应已完成什么？
A.核实范围
B.衡量客户满意度
C.审查测试报告
D.标准化检查
94. While working with the project team to prepare a network diagram, the project manager
notices a series of activities can be performed in parallel, but must be finished in a specific
sequence. What activity sequencing method is required?
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
A. Operational diagramming method
B. Precedence diagramming method
C. Critical path method
D. Arrow diagramming method
94.与项目团队一起合作制作一份网络图的时候，项目经理注意到一系列活动能够并列
执行，且必须按特定顺序完成。这需要哪一种活动排序方法？
A.操作绘图法
B.紧前关系绘图法
C.关键路径法
D.箭头绘图法
95. Six months after a project begins, a new project manager is hired, team members
disregard the new project manager’s directions, miss scheduled meetings, and do not provide
status updates. However, over time, the project manager gains team support by demonstrating
their expertise and positive attitude.
Which of the following characteristics does the project manager demonstrate?
A. Referent power
B. Penalty power
C. Authority power
D. Expert power
95.在一个项目开始六个月后，聘用了一名新项目经理。一开始，团队成员不尊重新项
目经理的指示，缺席定期会议，且不提供状态更新。然而，随着时间的过去，项目经理
通过证明其专业知识和积极的态度，获得团队成员的支持。
项目经理所证明的是下列哪一项特性？
A.威望权力
B.处罚权力
C.权威权力
D.专家权力
96. A company initiates an information technology sever development project. During the
risk assessment, the project team identifies that hardware group does not have sufficient
resources to complete one of the deliverables on time. To complete the deliverable according
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
to the schedule, the project manager plans to use the services of a supplier.
What type of risk response strategy does the project manager plan to use?
A. Transfer
B. Avoid
C. Exploit
D. Mitigate
96.一家公司启动了一个信息技术服务开发项目。在风险评估期间，项目团队识别到硬
件小组没有足够的资源按时完成其中一项可交付成果。为了按进度完成可交付成果，项
目经理计划使用某个供应商的服务。
项目经理计划使用哪种风险应对策略？
A.转移
B.规避
C.开拓
D.减轻
97. For personal reasons, a project sponsor advises the project manager to replace a team
member who is performing well.What should the project manager do next?
A. Discuss with the sponsor to reconsider the request, as the team member is performing well
and is valuable for project success.
B. Accept the project sponsor’s request only if acceptance will benefit the project.
C. Accept the project sponsor’s request and replace the team member with a qualified
resource.
D. Disregard the project sponsor’s request, as the project manager is responsible for the
resources.
97.出于个人原因，项目发起人通知项目经理更换表现良好的团队成员。项目经理下一
步该怎么做？
A.与发起人讨论重新考虑这个请求，因为团队成员表现良好，对项目成功有价值。
B.只有对项目有利，才接受项目发起人的请求。
C.接受项目发起人的请求，并使用合格资源更换团队成员。
D.忽视项目发起人的请求，因为项目经理负责该资源。
98. The senior management team, project sponsor, and project manager terminate a project
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
six months before the scheduled completion date. What should the project manager do next?
A. Review the issue log and attempt to close all outstanding issues, if any.
B. Establish procedures to investigate and document the reasons for the action.
C. Update the knowledge base with lessons learned and historical information.
D. Release the team members for the projects.
98.高级管理团队、项目发起人和项目经理在计划完工日期之前六个月终止一个项目。
项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A.审查问题日志并尝试结束所有悬而未决的问题，如有的话。
B.制定程序调查并记录活动原因。
C.用经验教训和历史信息更新知识库。
D.解散团队成员，让其为其他项目工作。
99. While developing a project management plan, the project manager discusses with
technical and management personnel which resources and skill levels will be required to meet
project needs. What should the project manager use to develop the project management plan?
A. Project charter
B. Expert judgment
C. Brainstorming
D. Delphi technique
99.在制定项目管理计划时，项目经理与技术和管理人员讨论将需要哪些资源和技能水
平来满足项目需求。项目经理应该使用哪一项来制定项目管理计划？
A.项目章程
B.专家判断
C.头脑风暴法
D.德尔菲技术
100. A project manager invites an engineer with experience to an initiation meeting to discuss
documented historical limitations and constraints. Which of the following organizational
assets does the project manager use?
A. Subject matter expert
B. Enterprise environmental factors
C. Lessons learned
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
D. Expert judgment
100.项目经理邀请一名有经验的工程师出席项目启动大会，讨论记录的历史限制和制约
因素。项目经理使用的是下列哪一项组织资产？
A.主题专家
B.事业环境因素
C.经验教训
D.专家判断
101. Concerned that a project will miss a critical milestone, the customer insists on
conducting the phases concurrently to save time. Before approving this change, which of the
following should the project manager conduct?
A. Schedule impact analysis
B. Crashing impact analysis
C. Dependency and requirements analysis
D. Cost impact analysis
101. 因为担心项目将延误一个关键里程碑，客户坚持同时实施阶段工作以便节约时间。
批准这个变更之前，项目经理应该开展下列哪一项工作？
A. 进度影响分析
B. 赶工影响分析
C. 依赖关系和需求分析
D. 成本影响分析
102.
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
Based on above chart, is this project in trouble with its budget?
A. It is not possible to tell without similar information about completion progress.
B. It is not possible to tell without similar information about project risk register.
C. It is not possible to tell without similar information about quality performance.
D. It is not possible to tell without similar information about budget compliance.
102.
根据以上图表所示，项目预算是否有问题？
A. 没有有关完成进度的类似信息，无法得知
B. 没有有关项目风险登记册的类似信息，无法得知
C. 没有有关质量绩效的类似信息，无法得知
D. 没有有关预算相符水平的类似信息，无法得知
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
103. A customer wants to increase the total sum of stockholder equity and improve brand
recognition in the global market.What is the customer’s main objective?
A. Improve overall business-base support for its organizational strategy.
B. Increase the marketing budget.
C. Increase business value.
D. Improve market share by reinvesting in its business portfolio.
103. 客户希望增加股东权益的总和，提高在全球市场的品牌知名度。客户的主要目标
是什么？
A. 为组织战略改善整体业务支持。
B. 增加营销预算。
C. 提高业务价值。
D. 通过重新投资期业务组合提高市场份额。
104. A global company is midway through a project to deploy a product. However, the
manufacturer of the product has released a new version. This new version must be installed
on any newly deployed products. A critical component of the product has not been tested with
the new version. The company is counting on this new product to be in all stores by October
31, in time for the holiday shopping season. The additional testing will delay the end date of
the project by a month.
What should the project manager do?
A. Pause the deployment until after October 31 and use that time to complete the necessary
testing.
B. Submit a change request to available resources to test and implement in the new version.
C. Update the project management plan to include testing and revise the schedule to deploy
most of the product prior to October 31.
D. Deploy the product prior to October 31 and complete testing after the deployment is
complete.
104. 一家全球性公司正处于部署一项产品的项目中途。然而，该产品的制造商发布了
一个新版本。新版本必须安装在任何新部署的产品上。该产品的一个关键部件未在新版
本上测试。公司希望在10 月31 日之前，赶在假日购物季时，在所有门店推出这项新产
品。额外的测试会将项目的最终完成日期推迟一个月。
项目经理应该怎么做？
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
A. 暂停部署，直至10 月31 日之后，并利用这段时间完成必要的测试。
B. 向可用资源提交一项变更请求，在新版本中测试并执行。
C. 更新项目管理计划，包含测试，并修订进度计划，在10 月31 日之前部署大部分产
品。
D. 在10 月31 日之前部署产品，并在部署完之后完成测试。
105. A project has a fixed completion date. From previous experience, the customer is known
to demand constant modifications to project deliverables, which adds to the risk of missing
the deadline.
What should the project manager do to avoid this risk?
A. Perform a risk analysis and send the results to the customer, highlighting the high
probability of missing the deadline.
B. Prepare a change management plan that requires joint approval of changes, and present it
to stakeholders for approval.
C. Prepare a schedule using the critical path method and present it to the customer,
demonstrating there is no float for changes.
D. Inform the customer that no changes will be accepted during the project, unless a contract
review takes place.
105. 一个项目拥有固定完工日期。从之前的经验看，该客户以不断要求修改项目可交
付成果而出名，这会增加无法满足项目期限的风险。
为避免这个风险，项目经理应该怎么做？
A. 执行风险分析并将结果发送给客户，强调无法满足项目期限的高可能性。
B. 制定一份变更管理计划，要求联合批准变更，并将其提交给干系人批准。
C. 使用关键路径制定进度计划，并将其提交给客户，证明无变更浮动时间。
D.通知客户项目期间不接受任何变更，除非进行合同评审。
106. Important material needs to be shipped to a vendor. If the material cannot be delivered
on time, the project budget will be severely impacted. To reduce the risk, the project manager
purchases insurance.
Which negative risk strategy is the project manager using?
A. Avoid
B. Accept
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
C. Mitigate
D. Transfer
106. 重要材料需要运给供应商。如果该材料不能按时交付，项目预算将严重受到影响。
为降低这个风险，项目经理购买了保险。
项目经理采用了哪一种消极风险策略？
A.规避
B.接受
C.减轻
D.转移
107. A project team is comprised of ten team members. Due to a scope increase, two team
members are added later.
How many more communications channels are added?
A. 20
B. 21
C. 23
D. 24
107. 项目团队由十名团队成员组成。由于范围增加，后续又增加了两名团队成员。
那么增加了多少个沟通渠道？
A. 20
B. 21
C. 23
D. 24
108. During a project’s implementation phase, the project manager must communicate a
scope change and obtain approval from multinational key stakeholders. Which of the
following communication methods should the project manager use?
A. Push communication
B. Interactive communication
C. Stakeholder communication
D. Pull communication
108. 在项目实施阶段，项目经理必须沟通范围变更，并获得跨国关键干系人的批准。
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
项目经理应采用下列哪一种沟通方法？
A. 推式沟通
B. 交互式沟通
C. 干系人沟通
D. 拉式沟通
109. A project is delayed due to the instability of the information system where data is
collected. The project manager develops a new strategy to recover lost time without
increasing the budget. Since this strategy has only been used once before, the project manager
identifies this as a red flag.
Which documents should be updated?
A. Project management plan and issue log
B. Risk management and stakeholder management plans
C. Change management and cost management plans
D. Risk register and schedule management plan
109. 由于收集数据的信息系统不稳定，导致项目延期。项目经理制定了一项新策略，
在不增加预算的情况下，弥补失去的时间，由于这项策略之前只用过一次，项目经理将
其识别为一项重大风险，下列那份文件应更新？
A. 项目管理计划和问题日志
B. 风险管理和干系人管理计划
C. 变更管理和成本管理计划
D. 风险登记册和进度管理计划
110. A project manager is hired to fix issues in several software products. The project
manager collects information on issues from the previous year and presents this information
to senior management for prioritization. Due to the number of applications and problems,
several projects will result from this.
To prioritize the list of projects, what should senior management do next?
A. Review the high-level risks of each project.
B. Evaluate the financial returns of each project.
C. Create Ishikawa diagrams to determine the causes of issues.
D. Review and analyze the different project charters.
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
110. 项目经理被聘用来修复多个软件产品的问题，项目经理收集了上一年问题相关信
息，并将这一信息提交给高级管理层决定优先级。由于应用程序和问题的数量，几个项
目都将由此产生。
若要项目列表决定优先顺序，高级管理层下一步应该怎么做？
A.审查每个项目的高层次风险。
B. 评估每个项目的财务回报。
C. 创建石川图，确定问题原因。
D. 审查和分析不同的项目章程。
111. On the last day of development, the software development team’s project lead announces
that there will be a delay caused by an unexpected power outage. Since testing time is limited,
an intense discussion begins between the software development lead and the testing lead.
Which of the following techniques for resolving conflicts will provide a long-term solution?
A. Compromise/reconcile
B. Collaborate/problem solve
C. Smooth/accommodate
D. Force/direct
111. 在开发的最后一天，软件开发团队的项目主管宣布由于意外停电可能将导致延期。
由于测试时间有限，软件开发主管和测试主管之间展开激烈的讨论。
下列哪一项冲突解决技术将提供长期解决方案？
A. 妥协/调解
B. 合作/解决问题
C. 缓解/包容
D.强迫/命令
112. As a software project ends, the project is ahead of schedule and under budget. A key
team member advises the project manager that for an additional cost, new features could be
added to the software to benefit the customer. This would not impact the initial budget or
schedule.
What should the project manager do next?
A. Maintain the original scope.
B. Verify with the customer if these new features are needed.
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
C. Implement the new features to increase customer satisfaction.
D. Perform a risk reassessment and implement the new features, if there is no risk exposure.
112. 在一个软件项目结束时，项目超前于进度并低于预算。一名关键团队成员建议项
目经理增加成本，可以向软件添加对客户有利的新功能。这不会影响初始预算或进度。
项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A. 保持原始范围。
B. 与客户核实是否需要这些新功能。
C. 执行新功能，提高客户满意度。
D. 执行一项风险再评估，且如果没有风险暴露，则执行新功能。
113. A team assigned to complete a critical path activity is late with the deliverable. The team
includes individuals from both the project manager’s and the customer’s company.
To ensure the project remains on schedule, what should the project manager use to revise the
schedule?
A. Rolling wave planning
B Schedule compression
C.What-if scenario analysis
D. Decomposition
113. 团队被分配到去完成一项关键路径上的活动，但可交付成果延迟了。团队成员包
括来自项目经理以及客户公司的个人。
为确保项目保持进度计划，项目经理应该使用哪一项来修订进度计划？
A. 滚动式规划
B. 进度压缩
C. 假设情景分析
D. 分解
114.
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
A project sponsor asks the project manager to reduce the project's total duration by one day.
What should the project manager do next?
A. Crash activity I - J by one day.
B. Crash activity G - K by one day.
C. Crash activity A - B by one day.
D. Crash activity H - J by one day.
114.
项目发起人要求项目经理将项目的总持续时间减少一天。项目经理下—步该怎么做？
A. 对活动I - J 赶工一天。
B. 对活动G-K赶工一天。
C.对活动A-B 赶工一天。
D.对活动H-J 赶工一天。
115. A project manager resigns from a project that is on schedule and on budget. After a
replacement is hired, team members oppose the ideas presented by the new project manager.
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
The team is in which of the following stages of development?
A. Forming
B. Norming
C. Performing
D. Storming
115. 项目经理从一个符合进度和预算的项目中辞职。在聘用替代的新项目经理后，团
队成员反对新项目经理提出的意见。
团队处于下列哪一个发展阶段？
A. 形成
B. 规范
C. 成熟阶段
D. 震荡阶段
116. A project manager discovers that a key team member will leave the organization in two
weeks. The team member works on tasks that are on the critical path.
What should the project manager do first?
A. Determine the impact of losing the team member.
B. Verify if the scope can be changed.
C. Update the work breakdown structure.
D. Replace the team member.
116. 项目经理发现一名关键成员将在两周内离开组织。该名团队成员正在为处于关键
路径上的任务工作。
项目经理首先应该做什么？
A. 确定失去该名团队成员的影响。
B. 核实是否能够变更范围。
C. 更新工作分解结构。
D. 更新团队成员。
117.
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
A project manager prepares four options to deliver a new product to the market. Each option
is prepared as a project with its own revenue and cost forecast.
As budgets are limited, which of the following projects will have the shortest payback?
A. ProjectA
B. Project B
C. Project C
D. Project D
117.
项目经理准备了向市场投放一个新产品的四个方案。每个方案都按一个项目准备，拥有
自已的收入和成本预测。
由于预算有限，下列哪一个项目将拥有最短的回收期？
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
A. 项目A
B. 项目B
C. 项目C
D.项目D
118. A project is two weeks behind schedule. There is an increased risk that the product’s
introduction to the market will be impacted, and team morale is low.
What should the project manager do next?
A. Remind the project team of the project’s importance and request the team to work
overtime.
B. Report the situation to the project sponsor and add additional resources to meet the
expected deadline.
C. Consult with team members to identify a way of improving the work organization to
compress the schedule.
D. Communicate the situation to key stakeholders and the project sponsor, and review a new
project end date.
118. 项目落后于进度两周时间。将会影响产品投入市场的风险越来越高，团队士气也
很低。
项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A. 提醒项目团队项目的重要性，并要求团队加班工作。
B. 将这个情况报告给项目发起人，增加额外的资源满足预期项目期限。
C. 与团队成员协商，确定一种改进工作组织的方式来压缩进度。
D. 将该情况与关键干系人和项目发起人沟通，并审查新项目结束日期。
119. A project manager conducts a brainstorming session to identify the causes of defects
found during a product's testing phase. Which tool or technique should the project manager
use to prioritize these?
A. Nominal group technique
B Pareto diagram
C. Control chart
D. Scatter diagram
119. 项目经理召开一次头脑风暴会议，识别在产品测试阶段发现的缺陷原因。项目经
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
理应使用下列哪项工具或技术为这些原因排列优先顺序？
A. 名义小组技术
B. 帕累托图
C. 控制图
D. 散点图
120. In a manufacturing line, the lower control limit is set at 301, the upper control limit is set
at 320, and the mean is set at 310. The process is in control in which of the following series?
A. 321, 319, 315, 316, 317, 310, 311, 313
B. 319, 318, 309, 310, 309, 310, 311, 312
C. 319, 304, 307, 310, 310, 301, 306, 300
D. 311, 312, 319, 316, 312, 311, 317, 322
120. 在一个生产线中，控制下限设为301，控制上限设为320，平均值设为310。该过
程在下列哪个系列中处于控制当中？
A. 321，319，315，316，317，310，311，313
B. 319，318，309，310，309，310，311，312
C. 319，304，307，310，310，301，306，300
D. 311，312，319，316，312，311，317，322
121. A project manager is assigned to use a tornado diagram in information technology
activity. What project risk management technique should the project team use?
A. Qualitative risk analysis
B. Quantitative risk analysis
C. Probability distribution
D. Expected monetary value analysis
121. 有人建议项目经理在信息技术活动中使用龙卷风图。项目团队应该使用什么项目
风险管理技术？
A. 定性风险分析
B. 定量风险分析
C. 概率分布
D. 预期货币价值分析
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
122. A project manager is assigned to a project to move the data center to a new location.
After obtaining the necessary team to complete project activities, the project manager creates
which of the following assets?
A. Resource calendar and project staff assignments
B. Ground rules for the team
C. Team performance assessments
D. Recognition and rewards for the team
122. 项目经理被任命管理一个将数据中心迁移到新地址的项目。在获得完成项目活动
所需的团队之后，项目经理创建了下列哪一项资产？
A. 资源日历和项目人员分派
B. 团队基本规则
C. 团队绩效评价
D. 团队的认可与奖励
123. The project schedule is ready for approval and the project team works on a document
with significant deliverables. The team is working on which of the following documents?
A. Milestone chart
B. Gantt chart
C. Bar chart
D. Work breakdown structure
123. 项目进度计划已准备好批准，项目团队正在制作一份具有重要可交付成果的文件。
项目经理正在制作下列哪一份文件？
A. 里程碑图
B. 甘特图
C. 横道图
D. 工作分解结构
124. A preventive action is approved by the change control board (CCB). What should the
project manager do next?
A. Implement the action.
B. Add a contingency reserve for the risk.
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
C. Request the project sponsors authorization.
D. Issue a change request.
124. 预防措施已经获得变更控制委员会（CCB）的批准。项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A. 实施该措施。
B. 为风险添加应急储备。
C. 请求项目发起人的授权。
D. 签发变更请求。
125. A project manager is completing the planning process of a new product development
project. What is the last major milestone to be completed before proceeding to the executing
process group?
A. Finalize the project charter.
B. Receive project funding to execute.
C. Obtain sponsor and stakeholder approval.
D. Execute the stakeholder management strategy.
125. 项目经理完成一个新产品开发项目的规划过程。在继续进入执行过程组之前需要
完成的最后一个重要里程碑是什么？
A. 最终确定项目章程。
B. 接收执行项目的项目资金。
C. 获得发起人和干系人的批准。
D. 执行干系人管理策略。
126. A new government regulation will require changes to a product under development. The
project team revises the project management plan to implement the new requirement at the
start of the project, rather than adding the requirement at a later time.
What type of change request should be used?
A. Corrective action
B. Proactive action
C. Preventive action
D. Update action
126. 一条新的政府法规将要求对一个处于开发阶段的产品进行变更。项目团队在项目
开始时修订项目管理计划用以实施新的需求，而非在后期添加需求。
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
这应该使用什么类型的变更请求？
A. 纠正措施
B. 主动措施
C. 预防措施
D. 更新措施
127. During project execution, an external stakeholder opposes a significant scope change.
Unless this stakeholder's decision is re-evaluated, the project's progress will be impacted.
What should the project manager do next?
A. Review the stakeholder management plan to assess the impact.
B. Request that the project sponsor address the issue with the stakeholder.
C. Revise the budget to reflect the costs of an alternative solution.
D. Investigate the rationale behind the stakeholder’s objections.
127. 在项目执行期间，一名外部干系人反对一项重大范围变更。除非重新评估干系人
的决定，否则项目进展将受到影响。
项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A. 审查干系人管理计划评估影响。
B. 请求项目发起人解决干系人的问题。
C. 修订预算，反映可选方案的成本。
D. 调查干系人反对背后的理由。
128. After a project is approved by the sponsor, a project manager is assigned. Which of the
following should the project manager review first?
A. Vendor contracts
B. Approved project charter
C. Approved project budget
D. Customer requirements
128. 在发起人批准项目后，任命了项目经理。项目经理应首先审查下列哪一项？
A. 供应商合同
B. 经批准的项目章程
C. 批准项目预算
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
D. 客户需求
129. A functional manager participates in the kick-off meeting for a project to implement a
new accounting system. After resources from the group are scheduled to begin the project
task one month later, the functional manager reassigns the resources to another project in the
company. The project manager attempts to contact the functional manager but receives no
response.
Which of the following management skills should the project manager use first?
A. Resolve the conflict.
B. Facilitate a consensus toward project objectives.
C. Influence people to support the project.
D. Overcome resistance to change.
129. 职能经理参加了一个实施新会计系统的项目启动大会，并安排组织内的资源在一
个月后开始项目任务。职能经理又将这些资源又分配给公司内的另一个项目。项目经理
尝试联系职能经理，但没有收到任何回应。
项目经理首先应该使用下列哪一项管理技能？
A.解决冲突。
B. 促进对项目标达成一致同意。
C. 影响人员支持项目。
D. 克服阻力改变。
130. After completing the Define Scope Process, what technique should the project manager
use to produce reliable estimates and manage cost and activity durations.
A. Decomposition
B. Precedence diagramming
C. Earned value management
D. Baselining
130. 完成定义范围过程后，项目经理应该使用哪项技术来生成可靠估算并管理成本和
活动持续时间？
A. 分解
B. 紧前关系绘图法
C. 挣值管理
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
D. 确立基准
131. The project manager learns that a change request is approved. This change impacts the
project’s cost and schedule.
What should the project manager do?
A. Change the baseline.
B. Change the risk register.
C. Change the work breakdown structure.
D. Change the resource plan.
131. 项目经理了解到一项变更请求已获批准。这项变更将影响到项目成本和项目进度。
项目经理应该怎么做？
A. 变更基准。
B. 变更风险登记册。
C. 变更工作分解结构。
D. 变更资源计划。
132. On a software development project, a project manager determines that it will be
impossible to perform the exhaustive testing needed to meet a product’s quality requirements.
Which tool should the project manager use to identify which software elements are
responsible for most of the problems?
A. Histogram
B. Scatter diagram
C. Pareto diagram
D. Control chart
132. 在一个软件开发项目中，项目经理确定执行满足产品质量要求所需的全面测试是
不可能的。项目经理应使用哪一项工具来识别哪些软件元素是大部分问题的主要原因？
A. 直方图
B. 散点图
C. 帕累托图
D. 控制图
133. A project manager includes quality audit reports on a subcontractor’s work in a project
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
status report.Which tool or technique does the project manager use?
A. Work performance information
B. Expert judgment
C. Contract change control system
D. Procurement performance review
133. 项目经理在项目状态报告中包含有关分包商工作的质量审计报告。项目经理应使
用哪一种工具或技术？
A. 工作绩效信息
B. 专家判断
C. 合同变更控制系统
D. 采购绩效评审
134. A team member reports an issue during the project’s execution phase that was previously
documented as a risk.What should the project manager do next?
A. Conduct a meeting with the customer to discuss the issue and its impact.
B. Perform a quantitative risk analysis and inform all stakeholders.
C. Log the issue and review the communications management plan with t e
D. Execute the risk response plan and then reassess the remaining risks.
134. 一名团队成员在项目执行阶段报告了一个之前被记录为一个风险的问题。项目经
理下一步该怎么做？
A. 与客户召开一次会议讨论问题及其影响。
B. 实施定量风险分析并通知所有干系人。
C. 记录问题并与团队审查沟通管理计划。
D. 执行风险应对计划，然后重新评估剩余风险。
135. A project manager and project team have successfully implemented a new product line
at their company and are in the process of closing it out. The project manager has obtained
acceptance from the internal customer, conducted reviews, and documented lessons learned.
What documentation should be created in order to complete the project?
A. Project management plan updates and final product
B. Final product and organizational process assets updates
C. Scope baseline and final product
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
D. Cost performance baseline and final product
135. 项目经理和项目团队已经在公司成功实施一个新的产品线，目前正处于收尾过程。
项目经理已经获得内部客户的验收，并开展审查和记录经验教训。
为完成该项目，应创建哪一份文件？
A. 项目管理计划更新和最终产品
B. 最终产品和组织过程资产更新
C. 范围基准和最终产品
D. 成本绩效基准和最终产品
136. After the project manager completes the project schedule, a procurement specialist
indicates that important material for the project is only available in small amounts in one
geographical area. After a thorough analysis, the project manager determines that there is no
other feasible option available.
What schedule analysis technique should the project manager use?
A. Critical chain method
B. Critical path method
C. Resource crashing
D. Precedence diagramming method
136. 项目经理完成项目进度计划之后，采购专员表示项目所需的重要材料只有在一个
地区有少量供应。经过全面分析后，项目经理确定无其它可行方案。
项目经理应使用什么进度分析技术？
A. 关键链方法
B. 关键路径法
C. 资源赶工
D. 紧前关系绘图法
137.What are the two main rules to follow during schedule crashing?
A. Crash the activities on non-critical path and those that cost the least by crashing.
B. Crash the activities on critical path and those that cost the least by crashing.
C. Crash the activities on critical path and those that cost the most by crashing.
D. Crash the activities on non-critical path and those that cost the most by crashing.
137. 赶工期间需要遵循的两个主要原则是什么？
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
A. 对非关键路径上以及赶工成本最少的活动赶工。
B. 对关键路径上以及赶工成本最少的活动赶工。
C. 对关键路径上以及赶工成本最多的活动赶工。
D. 对非关键路径上以及赶工成本最多的活动赶工。
138. Due to several quality issues, a company delays a product release. Which of the
following tools should the project manager use to illustrate the frequency and most common
causes of product quality issues?
A. Histogram
B. Cause and effect diagram
C. Control chart
D. Statistical sampling
138. 由于出现多个质量问题，公司延期发布产品。项目经理应使用下列哪一项工具来
说明产品质量问题的发生频率以及最常见的原因？
A. 直方图
B. 因果图
C. 控制图
D. 统计抽样
139. In month six of a 12-month project that is on schedule, the sponsor informs the project
manager that the project must be completed in three months. What should the project
manager do next?
A. Ask team members to work overtime to accommodate the shortened schedule.
B. Request additional funding to crash the schedule.
C. Document the change request and perform integrated change control.
D. Ask for more resources to fast track the schedule.
139. 在一个符合进度计划的为期12 个月项目的第六个月，项目发起人通知项目经理项
目必须在三个月内完工。项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A. 要求团队成员加班工作，以适应缩短的进度计划。
B. 要求额外的资金赶工。
C. 记录变更请求，并执行整体变更控制。
D. 要求更多资源快速跟进进度计划。
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
140. A project manager runs a multimillion dollar project. For the next critical milestone, the
project manager coordinates several logical network paths on the schedule as predecessors for
a critical milestone. Two of the logical network paths have zero float while the third path has
a 5-day working float.
How many critical branches does the project have?
A. 2 critical chains
B. No critical logical network paths
C. 2 critical logical network paths
D. 1 critical logical network path
140. 项目经理正在管理一个价值数万美元的项目。为了下一个关键里程碑，项目经理
将进度计划上的多个逻辑网络路径调整为一个关键里程碑的紧前活动。其中两个逻辑网
络的浮动时间为零，而第三个路径有5 天的工作浮动时间。
该项目有多少个关键分支？
A. 2 个关键链
B. 无关键逻辑网络路径
C. 2个关键逻辑网络路径
D. 1 个关键逻辑网络路径
141. During a project audit, the project manager meets with the team and asks to see the
document that addresses potential technical failures. Which document does the project
manager request?
A. Tornado diagram
B. Gantt chart
C. Risk register
D. Quality management plan
141. 项目审计期间，项目经理与团队开会，并要求查看处理潜在技术故障的文件。项
目经理需要的是下列哪一份文件？
A. 龙卷风图
B. 甘特图
C. 风险登记册
D. 质量管理计划
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
142. The stakeholders request the project manager report indirect costs and direct costs
separately.Which of the following is a direct cost?
A. Telephone service costs
B. Training for a duty required by the project
C. Jury duty pay
D. Employee salary
142. 项目干系人要求项目经理分别报告间接成本和直接成本。以下哪一项属于直接成
本？
A. 电话服务成本
B. 项目需要的岗位培训
C. 陪审员义务支付
D. 员工工资
143. During the execution of a project, the cost performance index (CPI) is 0.80 and the
schedule performance index (SPI) is 0.70. At this time, the sponsor wants to know how hard
it will be to complete the scope within budget.
Which tool or technique should help the project manager?
A. Budget at completion (BAC)
B. Cost forecast
C. Estimate at completion (EAC)
D. To-complete performance index (TCPI)
143. 在执行一个项目期间，成本绩效指数（CPI）为0.80，进度绩效指数（SPI）为0.70.
项目发起人希望了解按预算完成项目范围的难度有多大。
下列哪一项工具或技术对项目经理有帮助？
A. 完工预算（BAC）
B. 成本预测
C. 完工估算（EAC）
D. 完工尚需绩效指数（TCPI）
144. The number of defects found in a new product has increased recently. Senior
management is concerned and asks the project team to research the issue.
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
To identify the root causes, what tool should the project team use?
A. Pareto diagram
B. Work breakdown structure
C. Histogram
D. Ishikawa diagram
144. 最近在一个新产品中发现的缺陷数量上升。高级管理层非常担心，并要求项目团
队调查这个问题。若要确定根本原因，项目团队应使用什么工具？
A. 帕累托图
B. 工作分解结构
C. 直方图
D. 石川图
145. After the project team collects all stakeholder requirements and defines the project scope,
what should the project team do next?
A. Define the activities that are assigned to the project resources.
B. Validate the project scope to meet the project objectives.
C. Develop a schedule that aligns with the project deliverables.
D. Decompose the project deliverables into manageable work elements.
145. 项目团队收集所有干系人需求并定义项目范围后，项目团队下一步应做什么？
A. 定义分配给项目资源的活动。
B. 核实项目范围，满足项目目标。
C. 制定与项目可交付成果一致的进度计划。
D. 将项目可交付成果分解成可管理的工作内容。
146. During the planning phase, the project manager estimates task durations based upon the
availability of the resources. How should the project manager gain commitment from the
resources’ providers?
A. Share the project management plan and human resource management plan with the
functional managers.
B. Send an e-mail to the staffing department with a completed resource request form.
C. Involve the functional managers in developing the plan and obtaining their approval.
D. Assure the functional managers that the resources will be released as soon as their tasks
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
are completes.
146. 在项目规划阶段，项目经理根据资源可用性估算任务持续时间。项目经理应该如
何获得资源提供者的承诺？
A. 与职能经理分享项目管理计划和人力资源管理计划。
B. 向人员配备部门发一封电子邮件，并附上完整的资源请求表。
C. 让职能经理参与制定计划并获得他们的批准。
D. 向职能经理保证资源将在完成任务后遣散。
147. To improve a project schedule, a project manager considers moving some of the
resources from less critical activities to critical activities. As single-point activity duration
estimates do not consider estimation uncertainty and risk, what formula should be used to
define an approximate range for the critical activities?
A. Normal distribution
B. Beta distribution
C. Triangular distribution
D. Cumulative distribution
147. 为改进项目进度计划，项目经理考虑将一些资源从较不关键活动调到关键活动上。
由于单点活动持续时间估算未考虑到估算的不确定性和风险，应使用哪一个公式来确定
关键活动的近似范围？
A. 正常分布
B. 贝塔分布
C. 三角分布
D. 累计分布
148. The project manager of an ongoing project leaves the company, and a new project
manager is assigned. The sponsor asks the new project manager to check the status of a key
stakeholder’s modification request.
Where should the project manager find this information?
A. Project document updates
B. Change log
C. Stakeholder management plan
D. Communications management plan
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
148. 项目正在进行当中，项目经理从公司离职，任命了一名新的项目经理。发起人让
新项目经理检查一名关键干系人修改请求的状态。
项目经理可以从哪里找到这个信息？
A. 项目文件更新
B. 变更日志
C. 干系人管理计划
D. 沟通管理计划
149. A construction project experiences issues in obtaining permits. As a result, the project
schedule is negatively impacted.
To reflect this schedule change, the project manager should use which of the following tools
or techniques?
A. Adjusting leads and lags
B. Resource leveling
C. Defect repair
D. PERT analysis
149. 一个施工项目遇到了获得许可的问题。因此，项目进度受到不利影响。
为了反映这个进度变更，项目经理应使用下列哪一项工具或技术？
A. 调整时间提前量和时间滞后量
B. 资源平衡
C. 缺陷修理
D. PERT 分析
150. A two-year project is approved and subcontracted for delivery. During the execution
phase, there is a conflict with deliverables from the subcontractor to the customer.
What should the project manager do next?
A. Meet with the stakeholders.
B. Verify the procurement agreement.
C. Validate the scope document.
D. Review the procurement plan.
150. 一个为期两年的项目获得批准，并分包交付。在执行阶段期间，分包商的可交付
成果与客户存在冲突。
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A. 与干系人开会。
B. 核实采购协议。
C. 核实范围文件。
D. 审查采购计划。
151. Once a project is analyzed with the critical path method, which of the following
techniques must be applied for schedule development?
A. Crashing
B. Resource leveling
C. Decomposition
D. Fast track
151. 一旦项目采用关键路径法分析，必须应用下列哪一项技术来制定进度计划？
A. 赶工
B. 资源平衡
C. 分解
D.快速跟进
152. At the quarterly status review with stakeholders, a construction company’s project
manager reports a negative cost variance, which is due to an unplanned transportation strike.
What should the project manager do to address the issue?
A. Adjust the cost performance baseline.
B. Allocate the funds from the contingency reserve.
C. Allocate the funds from the management reserve.
D. Measure the impact of the event to the project.
152. 在与干系人一起召开的季度状态评审会上，由于计划外的运输罢工，施工公司的
项目经理报告了一个负成本偏差。项目经理应该如何解决这个问题？
A. 调整成本绩效基准。
B. 从应急储备中分配资金。
C. 从管理储备金分配资金。
D. 测量项目事件的影响。
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
153. A project team working on concurrent projects with tight timelines learns that one
project will be cancelled. The team is relieved, as overtime will no longer be required.
What should the project manager do next?
A. Meet with the project team for debriefing and to capture the lessons learned.
B. Meet with the project team to review the issue log.
C. Immediately disband the project team so they can focus on the other project.
D. Assume full responsibility for the cancellation of the project.
153. 为工期紧张的并行项目工作的项目团队了解到其中一个项目将被取消。团队感到
松了一口气，因为将不再需要加班了。
项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A. 与项目团队开会，说明情况，并收集经验教训。
B. 项目团队开会，审查问题日志。
C. 立即解散项目团队，让他们能够专注于其它项目。
D. 承担项目取消的全部责任。
154. A customer rejects a change to a product even though the change control process was
followed.What should the project manager do first?
A. Perform configuration verification and audit.
B. Review detailed change control logs.
C. Audit the change authorizations.
D. Assess the change control performance.
154. 客户拒绝了对产品的一项变更，即使已遵循变更控制过程。项目经理首先应该做
什么？
A. 执行配置核实和审计。
B. 审查详细的变更控制日志。
C. 审计变更授权。
D. 评估变更控制绩效。
155. A project manager meets with project stakeholders to report the project status. In which
process is the project manager involved?
A. Control Communications
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
B. Plan Communications Management
C. Manage Communications
D. Manage Stakeholder Engagement
155.项目经理与项目干系人开会，报告项目状态。项目经理涉及的是哪一个过程？
A. 控制沟通
B. 沟通管理规划
C. 管理沟通
D. 管理干系人参与
156. A company’s executive management evaluates the feasibility of starting a new product
line with an initial investment of US$10,000 and expected cash inflows as follows:
Year Cash Inflows
1 US$3,000
2 US$5,000
3 US$7,000
Based on the data provided and using the internal rate of return technique, what would be the
maximum cost of capital that the company will accept to keep this project viable?
A. 32%
B. 10%
C. 25%
D. 15%
156. 公司的主管经理评估开始一个新产品线的可行性，该产品线的初始投资为10,000
美元，预期现金流如下：
年 现金流入
1 3,000 美元
2 5,000 美元
3 7,000 美元
根据所提供的数据，使用内部收益率技术，为保证这个项目可行，该公司将接受的最大
资本成本为多少?
A. 32%
B. 10%
C. 25%
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
D. 15%
157. A project manager is assigned to a project that is in progress. In which of the following
documents would a new project manager find information regarding the scope baseline?
A. Project management plan
B. Project scope statement
C. Project charter
D. Prefect requirements
157. 一名项目经理被任命管理一个正在进行当中的项目。新项目经理可以在下列哪一
份文件中找到范围基准方面的信息？
A. 项目管理计划
B. 项目范围说明书
C. 项目章程
D. 项目需求
158. A newly hired project manager reviews project documentation and determines that not
all stakeholder requirements have been identified. What should the project manager do next?
A. Update the project charter.
B. Develop a new scope management plan.
C. Escalate the issue to the project sponsor.
D. Review and validate the stakeholder register.
158. 一名新雇用的项目经理审查项目文件，确定未将所有干系人包含在内。项目经理
下一步该怎么做？
A. 更新项目章程。
B. 制定一份新的沟通管理计划。
C. 将该问题上报给项目发起人。
D.审查并核实干系人登记册。
159. A project sponsor notifies a project manager of an unexpected event that will negatively
impact a project’s budget.What should the project manager do next?
A. Take no action because this event was unexpected.
B. Set up a meeting with the project team to prepare and implement a workaround.
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
C. Instruct the project team to implement the workaround plan in the risk register.
D. Use the contingency reserve to implement a workaround.
159.项目发起人通知项目经理一个意外事件将对项目预算造成负面影响。项目经理下一
步该怎么做？
A. 不采取任何行动，因为该事件是意想不到的。
B. 与项目团队开会，准备并实施权变措施。
C. 指示项目团队实施风险登记册中计划的权变措施。
D. 使用应急储备实施权变措施。
160. A project team reports that the peer review process has non-valued activities. The quality
team must review the observations and process the overall adherence.
Which of the following does the quality team perform?
A. Quality adherence
B. Quality audit
C. Quality control
D. Quality assurance
160. 项目团队报告同行评审过程存在无价值的活动。质量团队必须审查观察结果并处
理整体一致性。团队执行的是下列哪一项？
A. 质量一致性
B. 质量审计
C. 质量控制
D. 质量保证
161. A project manager is assigned to a new product development project in a functional
organization. The project team is selected from various locations according to expertise. After
finding it difficult to manage project team members who are located in different locations, the
project manager requests a new location to bring the team together.
What technique does the project manager use to Develop Project Team?
A. Tight matrix
B. Team building
C. Forming
D. Ground rules
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
161. 项目经理被分配管理一个职能型组织里的新产品开发项目。项目团队是按照专业
知识从不同地方选择的。发现难以管理分处不同地方的项目团队成员后，项目经理申请
了一个新地点，将团队集合在一起。
项目经理使用的是什么项目团队建设技术？
A. 紧密矩阵
B. 团队建设
C. 形成
D. 基本规制
162. A project ends prematurely. To document the amount of work completed, what should
the project manager do next?
A. Validate the scope process.
B. Perform project closure.
C. Conduct a post-implementation review.
D. Close the contracts.
162. 项目提前结束。若要记录完成的工作量，项目经理下一步应该怎么做？
A. 核实范围过程。
B. 执行项目收尾。
C. 开展实施后审查。
D. 合同收尾。
163. A key company initiative is progressing through the planning stages. The team baselines
the project management plan and is ready to execute the project.
What should the project manager do next?
A. Schedule a meeting with key stakeholders to obtain approval to proceed.
B. Set the project baselines in the project management information system (PMIS).
C. Begin execution in accordance with the project management plan.
D. Review the risk register for this key initiative.
163. 公司的一项关键计划正在进行规划阶段。团队制定项目管理计划的基准，并且已
经准备好执行项目。
项目经理下一步该怎么做？
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
A. 安排一次与关键干系人的会议，获得继续批准。
B. 在项目管理信息系统（PMIS）中设置项目基准。
C. 开始按照项目管计划执行。
D. 审查这项关键计划的风险登记册。
164. A project is near completion and another US$120,000 is needed to finish the project.
Even though US$1 million has already been spent on the project, the project sponsor requires
the project manager to stop the project for various circumstances.
In this case the actual costs are:
A. Direct costs for the project.
B. Part of the project's contingency reserve.
C. Indirect costs for the project.
D. Sunk costs not taken into account for this decision.
164. 项目接近完工，但另需$120,000 美元来完成该项目。虽然该项目已经花费$100 万
美元，出于各种情况，项目发起人要求项目经理停止该项目。
在这种情况下，实际成本为：
A. 项目的直接成本。
B. 项目应急储备的一部分。
C. 项目的间接成本。
D. 该决定不考虑沉没成本。
165. At a project kick-off meeting, the chief executive officer (CEO) requests changes that
will impact the project scope. How should the project manager respond?
A. Advise the CEO that the project team will investigate the impact of the proposed changes.
B. Inform the CEO that the scope was already finalized and cannot be changed.
C. Accept the changes as requested by the CEO.
D. Consider the CEO’s changes during the project's implementation phase.
165. 在项目启动大会上，首席执行官（CEO）提出的变更将会影响项目范围。项目经
理应如何响应？
A. 通知CEO项目团队将调查所提议变更的影响。
B. 通知CEO范围已最终确定，无法变更。
C. 按CEO请求接受变更。
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
D. 在项目实施阶段考虑CEO的变更。
166. While working with a customer to validate date a deliverable, the customer notifies the
project manager that several required data fields are missing. The customer indicates that the
data fields are included in the requirements.
During which of the following processes should the project team have discovered this error?
A. Identify Benchmark
B. Report Performance
C. Control Scope
D. Control Quality
166. 当与客户合作核实可交付成果时，客户通知项目经理多项必要的数据字段缺失。
客户表示这些数据字段已包含在需求当中。
项目团队应该在以下哪一个过程组中发现这个错误？
A. 识别标杆
B. 报告绩效
C. 控制范围
D. 控制质量
167. A project is 40% complete. To increase team productivity and improve the
implementation of processes, which of the following should the project manager conduct?
A. Brainstorming session
B. Risk audit
C. Process optimization audit
D. Quality audit
167. 项目已完成40%。若要提高团队生产力，改善流程的执行，项目经理应该开展下
列哪一项？
A. 头脑风暴会议
B. 风险审计
C. 过程优化审计
D. 质量审计
168. Before transferring the ownership of deliverables to project stakeholders defined in the
project management plan, a project manager discovers that a project deliverable was not
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
completed. After retain the work breakdown structure (WBS) dictionary to understand the
description of work, the stakeholders disagree on who is responsible for this deliverable.
What should have been reviewed to prevent this situation?
A. Scope baseline
B. Responsible, accountable, consult, and inform (RACI) matrix
C. Enterprise environmental factors
D. Work breakdown structure (WBS)
168. 在将可交付成果所有权转移给项目管理计划中定义的项目干系人之前，项目经理
发现其中一个项目可交付成果未完成。在审查工作分解结构（WBS）词典理解工作描
述后，干系人对谁该负责该可交付成果意见不一致。
为避免这种情况，应该事先审查什么？
A. 范围基准
B. 执行、负责、咨询和知情（RACI）矩阵
C. 事业环境因素
D. 工作分解结构（WBS）
169. During project execution, the company is sold and the stakeholders change. A new
stakeholder asks how the project aligns with the company’s business needs.
Which document should the project manager review with the stakeholder?
A. Project management plan
B. Stakeholder management plan
C. Project charter
D. Requirements documents
169. 在项目执行期间，公司被出售，干系人发生变化。一名新干系人询问项目如何与
公司的业务需求保持一致。
项目经理应于干系人一起查阅下列哪一份文件？
A. 项目管理计划
B. 干系人管理计划
C. 项目章程
D. 需求文件
170. A large number of resources are assigned to a project manager. However, the project
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
manager now wishes to add two critical resources that were not included in the initial pool, as
these resources were allocated to another project within the organization.
Which tool or technique should the project manager use?
A. Acquisition
B. Negotiation
C. Pre-assignment
D. Virtual team model
170. 项目经理分配到大量资源。然而，该项目经理现在希望增加两名关键资源，而这
两名资源因为之前被分配到组织中的另一个项目上，未被包含在初始资源池中。
项自经理应采用那种工具或方法？
A. 招募
B. 协商
C. 预分配
D. 虚拟团队模式
171. At the start of a project, the project manager finds that team members and key
stakeholders are not in agreement with the project scope and the deliverables. To obtain the
project team’s commitment and agreement, what should the project manager do next?
A. Send the project scope and agreed-upon deliverables to all stakeholders.
B. Escalate the issue to senior management and request their support.
C. Record the issue in the issue log and continue with project execution.
D. Conduct a kick-off meeting with all key stakeholders and project team members.
171. 在项目开始时，项目经理发现团队成员和关键干系人对项目范围和可交付成果的
意见不一致。为获得项目团队的参与和一致意见，项目经理接下来该怎么做？
A. 将项目范围和一致同意的可交付成果发送给所有干系人。
B. 将问题上报给高级管理层，并请求他们的支持。
C. 在问题日志中记录问题，并继续执行项目。
D. 与所有关键干系人和项目团队成员一起召开项目启动大会。
172. The customer of a recently implemented project requests the project manager investigate
post-implementation issues that cause business disruption and losses. The project manager
explains to the customer that requests must be referred to the operations team, as the project
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
is formally accepted. The customer does not agree and complains about the situation.
To dose this discussion, the project manager should do which of the following?
A. Ask the project team to evaluate the root cause, correct the issue, and document lessons
learned.
B. Review the closure documents, present them to the customer, and bring in the operations
representative to proceed with issue resolution.
C. Escalate the customer's complaint to the project sponsor to have resources assigned to
resolve the issue.
D. Review the risk management plan to determine if the issue was identified and planned in
advance.
172. 一个最近实施项目的客户要求项目经理调查导致业务中断和损失的实施后问题。
项目经理向客户解释该请求必须转给运营团队，因为项目已正式验收。客户不同意并投
诉这种情况。
为结束讨论，项目经理应进行下列哪一项？
A. 要求项目团队评估根本原因，纠正问题并记录经验教训。
B. 审查收尾文件，将其提交给客户，并让运营代表加入继续问题解决过程。
C. 将客户的投诉上报给项目发起人，分配资源解决该问题。
D. 审查风险管理计划，确定是否提前识别和规划该问题。
173. While managing a project for a multinational company, a project manager continues to
accept changes from the client to maintain a good relationship and secure new business.
Three quarters of the way through the project, the budget is depleted.
What should the project manager have developed to prevent this?
A. Project scope statement
B. Cost management plan
C. Statement of work (SOW)
D. Change management plan
173. 在为一个跨国公司管理项目时，为保持良好的关系以及获得新业务，项目经理持
续接受来自客户的变更。在项目进行三个季度后，预算耗尽。
若要防止这个问题，项目经理应制定哪一项？
A. 项目范围说明书
B 成本管理计划
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
C. 工作说明书（SOW）
D. 变更管理计划
174. A project team identifies an emergency, which requires an immediate change. Due to the
limited schedule, there is not enough time to follow a standard change control process.
What should the project manager do next?
A. Stop the project until the change is approved by the change control board.
B. Establish a new change control board to assess the change.
C. Inform the project sponsor and ask for advice.
D. Document the change first and obtain approval from change control board at a later time.
174. 项目团队识别到一个紧急事件，要求立即进行变更。由于进度计划有限，没有足
够的时间遵循标准的变更控制流程。
项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A. 停止项目，直到变更获得变更控制委员会的批准为止。
B. 建立新的变更控制委员会来评估变更。
C. 通知项目发起人并询问意见。
D. 首先记录变更，并在之后获得变更控制委员会的批准。
175. Midway through the execution of a large project, a new project manager is assigned.
What should the new project manager use to find information about managing the
relationship between the involved parties?
Communications management plan
Organizational process assets
Stakeholder management plan
Stakeholder register
175. 在执行一个大型项目中途，任命了一名新项目经理。新项目经理应使用下列哪一
项来找到管理参与各方之间关系的相关信息？
A. 沟通管理计划
B. 组织过程资产
C. 干系人管理计划
D. 干系人登记册
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
176. A company will be restructuring within the next few months. The project manager meets
with the newly formed project team to assess the risk to their project.
What technique could the project manager use to identify high-level risks?
A. Decision tree
B. PERT chart
C. SWOT analysis
D. Earned value analysis
176. 一家公司将在接下来的数月内重组。项目经理与新成立的项目团队开会，评估项
目的风险。
项目经理可以使用什么技术来识别高风险？
A. 决策树分析
B. PERT 图
C. SWOT分析
D. 挣值分析
177. A project manager plans to engage an external vendor to supply goods and services on a
long-term basis. To protect the company and the vendor from future changes in costs, what
type of contract should be used?
A. Fixed price with economic price adjustment (FP-EPA)
B. Firm fixed price (FFP)
C. Time and material (T&M)
D. Fixed price incentive fee (FPIF)
177. 项目经理计划聘用外部供应商，长期供应货物和服务。若要让公司和供应商避免
未来的成本变化，应使用什么类型的合同？
A. 总价加经济价格调整合同（FP-EPA）
B. 固定总价合同（FFP）
C. 工料合同（T&M）
D. 总价加激励费用合同（FPIF）
178. A project manager produces a performance report for senior management which predicts
the next release of a software functionality. This release will increase sales which will pay
back the entire project expenditure costs within eight months. This prediction is supported by
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
using scenario building and simulation estimates.
These are examples of which of the following?
A. Parametric estimates
B. Variance analysis
C. Forecasting methods
D. Budget forecasts
178. 项目经理为高级管理层编制了一份绩效报告，其中预测了某个软件功能的下一次
发布。这次发布将增加销售量，并将在八个月内回收整个项目支出成本。这个预测通过
使用情景建设和模拟估算来支持。
这些属于下列哪一项实例？
A. 参数估算
B. 偏差分析
C. 预测方法
D. 预算预测
179. A project team delivers a system in its pilot phase, and the customer identifies an issue
that affects the end users. After the project team works on the issue for a week, the customer
informs the project manager's supervisor that the issue is not being addressed and requests
immediate action.
What should the project manager do next?
A. Review the project register and take appropriate action.
B. Review the Perform Integrated Change Control process and take appropriate action.
C. Review the quality management plan and take appropriate action.
D. Review the communications management plan and take appropriate action.
179. 项目团队在其试验阶段交付一个系统，客户识别到影响最终用户的一个问题。在
项目团队为这个问题工作一周后，客户通知项目经理的主管该问题未得到解决，并要求
立即采取措施。
项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A. 审查项目登记册，并采取相应措施。
B. 审查实施整体变更控制过程，并采取相应措施。
C. 审查质量管理计划，并采取相应措施。
D. 审查沟通管理计划，并采取相应措施。
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
180. The project manager identifies several issues that could negatively impact a strategic
project’s objectives.What should the project manager do next?
A. Ensure each issue is given a priority that is based on the impact to the project objectives.
B. Conduct a special project meeting to delegate issues to team members.
C. Obtain the sponsor’s approval for changes to the project objectives.
D. Use project contingency to allocate additional resources to resolve issues.
180. 项目经理识别出可能对一个战略项目目标产生负面影响的多个问题。项目经理下
一步该怎么做？
A. 确保根据对项目目标的影响对每个问题赋予优先级。
B. 召开一次特别项目会议，将问题委派给团队成员。
C. 获得项目发起人的批准，变更项目目标。
D. 使用项目应急储备，分配额外的资源解决问题。
181. A hospital wants to implement a medical records system. A consulting firm’s project
manager will develop the project charter.
The project manager needs which of the following to develop the project charter?
A. Project statement of work and organizational process assets
B. Project statement of work and process improvement plan
C. Enterprise environmental factors and quality management plan
D. Business case and risk management plan
181. 一家医院希望实施一个病历系统。一家顾问公司的项目经理将制作项目章程。
项目经理需要下列哪一项来制作项目章程？
A. 项目工作说明书和组织过程资金
B. 项目工作说明书和过程改进计划
C. 事业环境因素和质量管理计划
D. 商业论证和风险管理计划
182. During the initiation of a project, which of the following methods would take the longest
tome to implement?
A. Bottom-up estimating
B. Parametric estimating
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
C. Order-of-magnitude analysis
D. Analogous estimating
182. 在项目启动期间，下列哪一种方法将需要最长的执行时间？
A. 自下而上估算
B. 参数估算
C. 量级分析
D. 类比估算
183. A project is cancelled due to a quality and scheduling issue. In addition, a competitor
just released a similar product. The project manager is assigned to a new project with a fixed
deadline.
What should the project manager do to ensure that the same issue does not occur again?
A. Conduct a performance review and apply corrective actions.
B. Use the information provided in the final reports of previous projects.
C. Apply rolling wave planning to the work breakdown structure.
D. Assign subject matter experts to tasks on the critical path.
183. 一个项目由于质量和进度问题被取消了。此外，竞争对手刚刚发布了一个类似产
品。项目经理被分配管理一个具有固定期限要求的新项目。
项目经理应该怎么做，来确保不会再次发生同样的问题？
A. 开展绩效审查，并应用纠正措施。
B. 使用之前项目最终报告中提供的信息。
C. 对工作分解结构应用滚动式规划。
D. 将主题专家分配到处于关键路径上的任务。
184.
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
A project manager develops a stakeholder power/interest grid. What level of engagement
should stakeholder A receive?
A. Infrequent project updates
B. Executive high-level project reports
C. Regular face-to-face meetings
D. Weekly detailed status reports
184.
项目经理制定了一个干系人权力/利益方格。干系人A应该接受什么级别的参与度？
A. 偶尔项目更新
B. 执行高层次项目报告
C. 定期面对面会议
D. 每周详细状态报告
185. A company must select a seller for their software implementation project. The project
manager cannot accurately estimate the extent of the work or the costs.
What type of contract should the project manager consider?
A. Time and material
B. Firm-fixed-price
C. Fixed-price-incentive-fee
D. Cost-plus-fixed-fee
185. 一家公司必须为他们的软件实施项目选择一个卖家。项目经理不能准确估算工作
范围或成本。
项目经理应该考虑哪种合同类型？
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
A. 工料合同
B. 固定总价合同
C. 总价加激励费用合同
D. 成本加固定费用合同
186. A project manager is presented with the following new risks and opportunities:
Risk A has a 90% probability and will cost US$50,000.
Risk B has a 30% probability and will cost US$300,000.
Opportunity A has a 50% probability and will yield a savings of US$100,000.
Opportunity B has a 15% probability and will yield a savings of US$125,000.
Using expected monetary value analysis, which risk or opportunity should the project
manager consider first?
A. RiskA
B. RiskB
C. OpportunityB
D. OpportunityA
186. 项目经理面对以下新风险和机会：
风险 A有90%的可能性，并将花费US$50,000 的成本.
风险B 有30%的可能性，并将花费US$300,000 的成本.
机会A有50%的可能性.并将节省US$100,000。
机会B 有15%的可能性，并将节省US$125,000.
使用预期的货币价值分析，项目经理应首先考虑哪一项风险和机会？
A. 风险A
B. 风险B
C. 机会B
D. 机会A
187.While reviewing the project management plan, the project manager determines that the
cost performance index is 0.8 and the schedule performance index is 0.7.Which of the
following occurred?
A. A key stakeholder was not adequately involved
B. The project is over performing
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
C. The project is under performing
D. The project manager determined there was scope creep
187.审查项目管理计划时，项目经理确定成本绩效指数为0.8，而进度绩效指数为0.7。
发生的是下列哪一项？
A．关键干系人为充分参与
B．项目执行过度
C．项目执行不足
D．项目经理决定存在范围潜变
188. After completing the project planning, a project manager schedules a phase exit meeting.
Duringthis meeting, what should occur?
A. Project manager reviews the project team members’ performance.
B. Senior management analyzes the project manager’s performance.
C. Project deliverables are reviewed and the decision is made to continue the project.
D. Projects lessons learned are documented and the project is closed.
188. 完成项目规划之后，项目经理安排了一次阶段结束会议。在这次会议上，会发生
什么情况？
A. 项目经理审查项目团队成员的绩效。
B. 高级管理层分析项目经理的绩效。
C. 审查项目可交付成果，并做出继续项目的决定。
D. 记录项目的经验教训，项目收尾。
189. A project manager identifies a risk on a project which causes work to stop. The project
team is forced to use a contingency plan.
In what project management process group is the project manager working?
A. Control Risks
B. Plan Risk Responses
C. Identify Risks
D. Mitigate Risks
189. 项目经理识别到项目上的一个风险可能导致停工。项目团队被迫使用应急计划。
项目经理目前处于哪一个项目管理过程组？
A. 控制风险
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
B. 规划风险应对
C. 识别风险
D. 减轻风险
190. After assuming management of an ongoing project, the project manager determines that
there are insufficient quality metrics to support the project. What should the project manager
do next?
A. Create a histogram and Pareto diagram to document results and share with key
stakeholders.
B. Discuss the project status with the sponsor and update the project team.
C. Assess the project management plan for quality gaps and update the quality management
plan.
D. Update lessons learned upon completion of the project and recommend process
improvements.
190. 在负责管理一个正在进行中的项目之后，项目经理确定支持项目的质量测量指标
不足。项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A. 创建直方图和帕累托图来记录结果，并与关键干系人分享。
B. 与项目发起人讨论项目状态并向项目团队更新。
C. 评估项目管理计划的质量差距，并更新质量管理计划。
D. 完成项目时更新经验教训，并建议过程改进。
191. A project manager notices inconsistencies in the deliverables. What tool should be used
to ensure tasks are performed consistently？
A. Quality checklists
B. Control chart
C. Ishikawa diagram
D. Monte Carlo analysis
191. 项目经理通知可交付成果存在不一致性。应该使用什么工具来确保任务获得一致
执行？
A. 质量核对表
B. 控制图
C. 石川图
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
D. 蒙特卡洛分析
192. To identify project risks, the project manager distributes a questionnaire to experts
within the organization and requests anonymous participation instead of holding a
brainstorming session. The responses collected are presented for further comments to the
same group.
This approach is known as which of the following?
A. Expert judgment
B. Interviewing
C. Delphi technique
D. Group work
192. 为了识别项目风险，项目经理向组织内的专家分发一份问卷调查，并要求专家匿
名参与，而不是召开头脑风暴会议。将收集的答复发还给相同的专家组做进一步评论。
这种方法称作下列哪一项？
A. 专家判断
B. 访谈
C. 德尔菲技术
D. 团队工作
193. For four consecutive weeks, local government and school officials meet to agree upon
the scope for a school renovation project with a strict budget. Which of the following tools or
techniques should the officials use?
A. Rolling wave planning
B. Assumptions and constraints analysis
C. Product analysis
D. Project decomposition
193. 连续四周，当地政府和学校官员开会商定一个预算严格的学校翻新项目范围。官
员们应采用下列哪项工具或技术？
A. 滚动式规划
B. 假设和制约因素分析
C. 产品分析
D. 项目分解
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
194. A division of a corporation undertakes a one-year integration project. At the end of the
second month, the project status report shows the project is progressing according to plan.
The corporate office announces this division will be sold in three months.
What should the project manager do next?
A. Communicate with the project sponsor and the key stakeholders to validate if the project is
still relevant.
B. Suspend the project immediately and wait for the final outcome of the division's sale.
C. Cancel the project immediately as there is no need for integration with the corporation's
systems.
D. Continue with the project until the division's sale is finalized.
194. 公司的一个子公司承接了一个为期一年的集成项目。在第二个月底，项目状态报
告显示项目按计划进展。公司办公室宣布该子公司将在三个月内出售。
项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A. 与项目发起人和关键干系人沟通，核实项目是否仍然有关。
B. 立即中止项目，等待子公司出售的最终结果。
C. 立即取消项目，因为不需要与公司系统集成。
D. 继续项目，直至子公司的出售最终确定。
195. During a construction project, the project manager wants to outsource the building of a
boundary wall at the construction site. Prospective vendors are invited to a conference. The
architect of the procuring company prepares a cost estimate to construct the boundary wall
which is not shared with the prospective vendors.
What technique should be used to conduct procurements?
A. Independent estimates
B. Proposal evaluation techniques
C. Expert judgment
D. Screening system
195. 在一个施工项目中，项目经理希望外包施工现场边界墙的建设。潜在供应商受邀
参加会议。采购公司的建筑设计师准备了一份边界墙的施工成本估算，但未与潜在供应
商分享。
开展采购应使用什么技术？
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
A. 独立估算
B. 建议书评价技术
C. 专家判断
D. 筛选系统
196. An investigation shows that the lowest possible cost to perform a project is US$100
million. After further inquiry, it is found that similar projects were delivered for 25% more,
and one project cost three times more than the lowest cost estimate.
Using all of the provided estimates, which of the following should be used as a cost estimate?
A. US$100 million
B. US$150 million
C. US$200 million
D. US$250 million
196. 一项调查显示执行一个项目的最低可能成本为$1 亿美元。进一步调查之后发现有
类似项目交付成过比估算多25%，而另一个项目成本比最低成本估算多三倍。
使用所有提供的估算，下列哪一项应作为成本估算？
A. $1 亿美元
B. $1.5亿美元
C. $2亿美元
D. $2.5 亿美元
197. During the initial planning of a construction project, the need for a concrete blender is
identified.
-The price to rent the equipment is USS200 per day.
-The cost to lease the equipment is US$100 per day, with an initial payment of US$10,000.
What is the minimum number of days before it is more economical to lease versus rent?
A. 91
B. 101
C. 151
D. Leasing is not a viable option
197. 在一个施工项目的初始规划期间，识别到需要一个混凝土混合器。
-临时租赁该设备的价格为200 美元每天。
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
-按租约租用该设备的成本为100 美元每天，初始付款为10,000 美元。
至少要经过多少天后，按租约租用会比临时租赁更经济？
A. 91 天
B. 101天
C. 151天
D. 按租约租用不是一个可行的方案
198. A project manager who is new to the organization is assigned a project with multiple
stakeholders. The project manager wants to determine which stakeholders are internal and
whichare external.
What should the project manager review to understand stakeholder roles?
A. Stakeholder register
B. Stakeholder analysis
C. Stakeholder management plan
D. Stakeholder communications model
198. 新到组织的项目经理被分配管理一个具有多名干系人的项目。项目经理希望确定
哪些干系人是内部的、哪些干系人是外部的。
若要了解干系人的角色，项目经理应该查阅哪一份文件？
A. 干系人登记册
B. 干系人分析
C. 干系人管理计划
D. 干系人沟通模型
199. A bicycle company releases a new line of baskets with a five-year warranty. The material
withstands extreme weather conditions. The product is well received by customers and is
considered top of the line. The design is basic with no additional features.
Which of the following describes this product?
A. High grade, high quality
B. Low grade, low quality
C. High grade, low quality
D. Low grade, high quality
199. 一家自行车公司发布了了一款拥有五年质保期的新车篮系列。材料能抵御极端天
清晖项目管理PMP复习测试题二
www.changeway.com.cn 400-880-5680
气条件。产品广受客户接受，且视为是系列中的顶级产品。产品只有基本设计，无额外
功能。
下列哪一项是该产品的描述？
A. .高档、高质
B. 低档、低质
C. 高档、低质
D. 低档、高质
200. After using earned value management analysis, a project manager identifies a surplus in
funding for task A and a deficit in funding for task B. The project manager wants to transfer
funding from t3sk A to task B.
What should the project manager use to communicate this current funding position to the
client?
A. Project management plan
B. Change request
C. Monte Carlo analysis
D. Performance report
200. 使用挣值管理分析之后，项目经理识别到任务A的资金有盈余，而任务B 的资金
不足。项目经理希望将任务A的资金转移到任务B。
项目经理应使用什么向客户沟通当前资金状况？
A. 项目管理计划
B. 变更请求
C. 蒙特卡洛分析
D. 绩效报告