1. 清晖PMP复习测试题是清晖团队针对
2. 本套测试题共有200道单项选择题
要求答对140题（70%）或以上
3. 本套测试题尽可能地覆盖PMP
成，达到全真的模拟效果
4. 模拟考试过程中，调整思维
5. 解题策略：TKSC策略
T（topic）真正读懂题目
K（key）迅速抓住考点
S（source）准确找到出处
C（choice）果断做出选择
6. 清晖PMP复习测试题，版权归清晖所有
7. 对试题或参考答案如有疑问
l 把试题整理好发给您的教务班主任
l 清晖傅老师解答：
E-mail：frank@tsinghui.com
QQ：1984580844
PMP 复习测试
复习测试题四
注意事项
PMP知识点提炼出来。
，测试时间为3个小时，闭卷答题！正确率
。
考试的题型，请学员们集中精力在3个小时内完
，揣摩考题的意图；考试结束后，认真总结
，未经清晖许可，不得复制或抄袭
：
，班主任会把您的疑问转给讲师为您解答
题四
。
。
。
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
1.A contractor installs the last product and receives payment. The project manager discovers
flaws in the installation and requests that the contractor complete the repairs at no cost. Which
of the following arguments should the contractor use to refuse the project manager’s request?
A. contractual closure was approved
B. installation was improperly performed by the project team
C. contractor’s quality policy does not allow for this situation
D. financial closure was approved
1. 承包商安装最新产品并接收付款。项目经理发现安装有缺陷，并要求承包商免费完成修
理。承包商应使用下列哪一个论据，拒绝项目经理的请求？
A. 合同收尾已批准
B. 项目团队执行的安装不当
C. 供应商的质量政策不允许发生这种情况
D. 财务收尾已批准
2.A business analyst collects requirements for a new project. Stakeholders are from different
departments and have various requirements. The project budget is limited and can only deliver
half of the requirements
A. Facilitated workshops
B. Focus groups
C. Group decision making techniques
D. Group creativity techniques
2. 业务分析员为一个新项目收集需求。干系人来自不同部门并且需求也各不相同。项目预
算有限只能交付一半需求。
为确保应包含哪些需求，业务分析员应使用下列哪一项？
A. 引导式讨论会
B. 焦点小组
C. 群体决策技术
D. 群体创新技术
3.After a quality assurance audit, a project manager receives a formal change request proposing
a modification to a component drawing. Which of the following plans should the project
manager review first?
A. Project management plan
B. Change management plan
C. Configuration management plan
D. Quality management plan
3. 在质量保证审计之后，项目经理收到一份正式的变更请求，提出修订一份部件图纸。项
目经理先查看下列哪一份计划？
A. 项目管理计划
B. 变更管理计划
C. 配置管理计划
D. 质量管理计划
4.To increase trust and improve interpersonal relationships, the project manager of virtual team
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
schedules an off-site building activity. However, due to a scheduling conflict, a key team member
cannot attend the activity.
To avoid this conflict, what should the project manager have reviewed?
A. Project staff assignment
B. Resource calendar
C. Project schedule
D. Project organization chart
4. 为提高信任度和改善人际关系，一个虚拟团队的项目经理安排了一次非现场团队的建设
活动。然而，由于进度冲突，一名关键团队成员不能参加活动。
为避免这个冲突，项目经理应已经审查哪些内容？
A. 项目人员配备
B. 资源日历
C. 项目进度
D. 项目组织图
5.A project manager negotiates contract terms with an external vendor that will provide
additional resources to complete a critical project task. To minimize project risk, what type of
contract should the project manager select?
A. Cost-reimbursable
B. Firm-fixed-price
C. Fixed-price-incentive-fee
D. Time and material
5. 项目经理与将提供额外资源完成关键项目任务的外部供应商协商合同条款。为了减少项
目风险，项目经理应选择什么合同类型？
A. 成本补偿合同
B. 固定总价合同
C. 总价加激励费用合同
D. 工料合同
6.A project team completes a project to transition from an old database to a new database.
Regarding lessons learned, what should the project manager do next?
A. Present to the sponsor at the stakeholder closeout meeting
B. Present to the client to ensure agreement
C. Ensure information is stored in a project file
D. Ensure information is stored in a corporate knowledge base
6. 项目团队完成了一个从旧数据库转变到新数据库的项目。在经验教训方面，项目经理下
一步该怎么做？
A. 在干系人收尾会议上提交给发起人
B. 提交给客户确保协议
C. 确保信息储存在一份项目文件中
D. 确保信息储存在公司知识库中
7.During the project execution phase, a project manager learns that the customer’s organization
could be acquired by another organization. What should the project manager do next?
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
A. Revisit the project charter
B. Perform a risk reassessment
C. Ask for the project sponsor’s guidance
D. Discuss the issue with stakeholders
7. 在项目执行阶段，项目经理了解到客户所在组织可能被另一个组织收购。项目经理下一
步该怎么做？
A. 查看项目章程
B. 执行风险再评估
C. 寻求项目发起人的知道
D. 与干系人讨论这个问题
8. How should the effectiveness of a project’s quality control activities be determined?
A. Evaluate the quality assurance plan against market benchmarks
B. Implement a quality audit strategy
C. Conduct a quality audit of the deliverables
D. Evaluate the cost of quality
8. 应如何确定项目质量控制活动的有效性？
A. 对照市场标杆评估质量保证计划
B. 实施质量审计策略
C. 对可交付成果实施质量审计
D. 评估质量成本
9. At a project kick-off meeting, the chief executive officer (CEO) requests changes that will
impact the project scope. How should the project manager respond?
A. Advise the CEO that the project team will estimate the impact of the change request
B. Inform the CEO that the scope cannot implement the change because the project scope is
finalized
C. Accept the changes according to CEO’s request
D. Consider the CEO’s change during the project execution phase-
9. 在项目启动大会上，首席执行官（CEO）提出的变更将会影响项目范围。项目经理应如
何响应?
A．通知CEO项目团队将调查所建议变更的影响
B．通知CEO，范围已最终确定，无法变更
C．按 CEO 请求，接受变更
D．在项目实施阶段考虑CEO的变更
E．
10.Which task has the correct assignment in the RACI chart?
序Task Team member #1 Team member #2 Team member #3 Team member #4 Team member #5
1 Unit test R A I C A
2 Integration test I A C A R
3 System test I R C I A
4
User acceptance
test
R A C I A
A. Task 1
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
B. Task 2
C. Task 3
D. Task 4
10. 下面哪一个任务在RACI图中的分配正确？
序 任务 团队成员#1 团队成员#2 团队成员#3 团队成员#4 团队成员#5
1 单位测试R A I C A
2 集成测试I A C A R
3 系统测试I R C I A
4
用户验收测
试
R A C I A
A. 任务1
B. 任务2
C. 任务3
D. 任务4
11.At the end test part 4, the project manager reviews a control chart. What does the chart
indicate?
A. Quality is in line with expectations
B. Quality expectations are not achievable
C. Quality has not improved since the beginning of the tests
D. Quality is not in line with expectations
11. 在测试零件4结束时，项目经理查看了控制图。这个控制图会说明说明？
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
A. 质量符合预期
B. 质量预期不可实现
C. 自从测试开始起，质量未得到改善
D. 质量与预期不符
12.During a project’s implementation, several providers participate in the project.
The project manager meets with stakeholders, external consultants, and subject
matter experts to define the project scope.
The project manager should include which items as part of the project scope
statement?
A. Requirements traceability matrix, risk register, stakeholder register,
activity list
B. Constraints, schedule, assumptions and work breakdown structure
C. Scope description, acceptance criteria, constraints and deliverable
D. Technical reference, exceptions, deliverable and scope baseline
12.在项目实施期间，多名供应商参与项目。项目经理与项目干系人、外部顾问和主题专家
一起开会定义项目范围。
项目经理应该将哪些项内容包含作为项目范围说明书的组成部分？
A. 需求跟踪矩阵、风险登记册、干系人登记册和活动清单
B. 制约因素、进度计划、假设和工作基准结构
C. 范围说明、验收标准、制约因素和可交付成果
D. 技术参考、例外情况、可交付成果和范围基准
13.A project team installs a new operating system. Before implementation, the team
tests the system on a smaller, isolated network and discovers some issues. After
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
finding solutions to these issues, the team still encounters implementation issues.
However, the number and severity of issues are greatly reduced
Which of the following does the project team use?
A. Transferring risk
B. Mitigating risk
C. Accepting risk
D. Avoiding risk
13.项目团队安装一个新的操作系统。实施之前，该团队在一个较小独立的网络中测试该系
统，并发现一些问题。发现这些问题的解决方案之后，团队仍然碰到实际问题。然后，
问题数量和严重程度大大降低。项目团队使用的是下列哪一项？
A. 转移风险
B. 减轻风险
C. 接受风险
D. 规避风险
14.A new project manager takes over a project in the execution phase. The project
manager learns that the customer did not provide the correct product requirements
The project manager should apply activities from which of the following plans?
A. Scope management plan
B. Change management plan
C. Configuration management plan
D. Requirements management plan
14.新项目经理接管了一个处于执行阶段的项目。项目经理了解到客户没有提供正确的产品
需求。项目经理应采用下面哪一项计划中的活动？
A. 范围管理计划
B. 变更管理计划
C. 配置管理计划
D. 需求管理计划
15.A bicycle company releases a new line of baskets with a five-year warranty. The
material withstands extreme weather conditions. The product is well received by
customers and is considered top of the line the design is basic with no additional
features
Which of the following describes this product?
A. High grade, high quality
B. Low grade, low quality
C. High grade, low quality
D. Low grade, high quality
15.一家自行车公司发布了一款拥有五年质保期的新车筐系列。材料能抵御极端天气条件。
产品广受用户接受，且视为是系列中的顶级产品。产品只有基本设计，无额外功能。
下列哪一项是该产品的描述？
A. 高档、高质
B. 低档、低质
C. 高档、低质
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
D. 低档、高质
16.A project contains several stakeholders, 50 team members, a number of job sites,
and stakeholders and project team member may review a lot of information and
documents anytime during the project period, what communication method the project
manager should use to solve the information requirement of project?
A. Interactive communication
B. Push communication
C. Pull communication
D. Send-receive
16.一个项目包含多名干系人，50名团队成员，多个工作现场，以及干系人和团队成员可能
需要在项目过程中任何时间查看的大量信息文件。若要解决项目的信息需求，项目经理
应使用哪一个沟通方式？
A. 交互式沟通
B. 推式沟通
C. 拉式沟通
D. 发送-接收
17.A project manager wants to develop a resource breakdown structure(RBS) for a new
project. A team member states that the team already developed an RBS for similar,
existing project. What should the project manager do next?
A. Compare the existing project’s RBS to the organization’s standard template
B. Use the existing project’s RBS to save time
C. Create a new RBS using the organization’s standard template
D. Use the applicable categories of the existing project’s RBS
17.项目经理希望为一个新项目制定资源分解结构（RBS）。一名团队成员称该团队已经为
一个类似现有项目制定了RBS。
项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A. 将现有项目的RBS 与组织的标准模板进行对比
B. 使用现有项目的RBS节约时间
C. 使用组织的标准模板创建一份新的RBS
D. 使用现有项目RBS的适用类别
18.A project manager discovers that a key team member will leave the organization
in two weeks. The team member works on tasks that are on the critical path
What should the project manager do first?
A. Evaluate the impact of losing this member
B. Verify if can change the scope
C. Update work breakdown structure
D. Change the project team member
18.项目经理发现一名关键团队成员将在两周内离开组织。该名团队成员正在为处于关键路
径上的任务工作。
项目经理首先应该做什么？
A. 确定该名团队成员的影响
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
B. 核实是否能够变更范围
C. 更新工作分解结构
D. 更换团队成员
19.A company’s president asks a project manager to implement a new financial system.
What technique should the project manager use to obtain a high-level project scope?
A. Perform a make-or-buy analysis
B. Meet with the director of information technology to conduct an analysis
C. Define requirement with the company’s finance experts and business owners
D. Collect requirements from financial application vendors
19.公司总监要求项目经理实施一个新的财务系统。项目经理应使用什么技术获得高层次项
目范围？
A. 开展自制或外购分析
B. 与信息技术总监开会开展一项分析
C. 与公司的财务专家和企业所有者定义需求
D. 收集财务应用程序供应商的需求
20.After negotiation with resource manager, project manager develops the project
management plan. In the kick off meeting, resource manager says the resource only
can be available in the late state of project period, what should the project manager
do next?
A. Add the resource risk into risk register
B. Record the change, review and update the project management plan
C. Communicate the resource availability delay and manage the stakeholder
participation levels
D. Do not take any action, since the issue has been discussed in the kick off meeting
20.在与资源经理协商之后，项目经理制定项目管理计划。在项目启动大会上，资源经理称
一名资源在进度计划后期才可用。
项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A. 在风险登记册中添加该资源风险
B. 记录该变更，并审查和更新项目管理计划
C. 在资源可用性中沟通该延迟，并管理干系人的参与水平
D. 不采取其他行动，因为该问题已在项目启动大会上讨论过了
21.The conflict among some project member may delay the project, what should the
project manager do next?
A. Solve the conflict in advance in private
B. Delay the conflict, and evaluate if it will impact the project in future
C. Report the conflict to function manager
D. View the human resource management plan and take the corrective action
21.一些团队成员的内部冲突可能延迟项目，项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A. 提前并私下解决冲突
B. 延迟冲突，评估其是否将会在后期影响项目
C. 将冲突上报给职能经理
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
D. 查看人力资源管理计划并采取纠正措施
22.A project is near completion and another US$120,000 is needed to finish the
project. Even though US$1 million has already been spent on the project, the project
sponsor requires the project manager to stop the project for various circumstances
In this case the actual costs are？
A. Direct costs for the project
B. Part of the project’s contingency reserve
C. Indirect costs for the project
D. Sunk costs not taken into account for this decision
22.项目接近完工，但另需120,000美元来完成该项目。虽然该项目已经花费100 万美元，
出于各种情况，项目发起人要求项目经理停止该项目。
在这种情况下，实际成本为？
A. 项目的直接成本
B. 项目应急储备的一部分
C. 项目的间接成本
D. 该决定不考虑沉没成本
23.A storm damages a data center, causing a delay to the project. as a result of
this unexpected event, what should the project manager do next?
A. Use management reserve funds to generate a workaround
B. Delay the project and wait for management’s directions
C. Update the schedule and advise the project sponsor
D. Meet with the project team to discuss the immediate response
23.一场风暴损坏了数据中心，导致项目延迟。由于这是一个意外事件，项目经理下一步该
怎么做？
A. 使用管理储备金来生成一个权变措施
B. 延迟项目，并且等待管理层的指示
C. 更新进度，并且通知项目发起人
D. 与项目团队开会讨论直接的应对措施
24.A project manager works on a US$3 million project，which involves two suppliers.
The project manager creates a statement of work (SOW) for each supplier
Which of the following needs SOW?
A. Risk management plan
B. Project charter
C. Procurement management plan
D. Supplier scope statement
24.项目经理正在管理价值300 万美元，涉及两个供应商的项目。项目经理为每名供应商创
建了一份工作说明书（SOW）。下列哪一项需要SOW的信息？
A. 风险管理计划
B. 项目章程
C. 采购管理计划
D. 供应商范围说明书
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
25.The project management plan is distributed to all key stakeholders. However, the
project sponsor and the customer have comments and want to make some changes
Who should receive this feedback and take the appropriate actions
A. Change control board
B. Project sponsor
C. Project manager
D. Project team
25.已将项目管理计划分发给所有关键干系人。然而，项目发起人和客户有意见，并希望做
一些改进。
谁应负责收取该反馈并采取适当的行动？
A. 变更控制委员会
B. 项目发起人
C. 项目经理
D. 项目团队
26.An unexpected risk occurs during a project. After analyzing risk, the project
manager finds that mitigating the risk to make the project success, but will increase
the project cost
What should the project manager do next?
A. Get the approval from top management to increase the project budget
B. Arrange a project meeting to discuss the reason why the risk wasn’t included
in the risk register
C. Get the approval of top management to use contingency reserve to mitigate the
risk
D. Arrange a project meeting to discuss how to push project according to the plan
26.项目期间发生了意外风险。分析风险之后，项目经理发现为了让项目成功有必要减轻风
险，但是会增加项目成本。
项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A. 获得高级管理层的批准，增加项目资金
B. 安排一次项目团队会议，讨论该风险未包含进风险登记册的原因
C. 获得高级管理层的批准，使用应急储备减轻风险
D. 与项目团队安排一次会议，讨论推进项目的计划
27.While estimating an activity cost, the team members estimate US$5,000 to hire
a consultant for the next year, divided as follows:
US$4,500 - Consultant fee
US$200 – Inflation allowance for next year
US$300 – Buffer for unforeseen costs
What should the project manager do next?
A. Estimate US$4,700
B. Estimate US$5,000 with an explanation
C. Estimate US$5,000 and update the cost baseline
D. Estimate US$4,800
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
27.估算一项活动成本时，团队成员估算下一年要花费5000 美元聘用一名顾问，划分如下：
4500美元-顾问费
200 美元-下一年的通货膨胀余量
300 美元-不可预见成本的缓冲
项目经理接下来应该怎么做？
A. 估算4700美元
B. 估算5000美元，并附加说明
C. 估算5000美元，并更新成本基准
D. 估算4800美元
28.A project is planned for four days with an allocated budget of US$4,000. The
project manager allocated a resource for US$1,000 per day to complete the work in
the scheduled time. At the end of the second day, the amount of work performed is
evaluated at US$1,600.
If the productivity rate of the resource remains the same, when is the project
expected to be completed?
A. 6th day
B. 5th day
C. 4th day
D. 3rd day
28.项目预算工期为四天，分配的预算为4000 美元。项目经理按每天1000美元分配一项资
源以按计划时间完成工作。在第二天结束时，所执行的工作量预估金额为1600 美元。
如果资源的生产率保持相同，项目预计将于何时完成？
A. 第 6天
B. 第 5天
C. 第 4天
D. 第 3天
29.After identifying a risk with the company’s standard template for contract
statements of work (SOW), the steering committee decides to use a special SOW
template for all project contraction which of the following should the committee
the special SOW template?
A. Primary contractor agreement
B. Change order to the project management plan
C. Procurement management plan
D. Risk management plan
29.识别到使用公司合同工作说明书（SOW）标准模板存在风险之后，指导委员会决定为所
有项目合同使用一种特殊SOW目标。委员会应在下列哪一项保持特殊SOW模板？
A. 主承包商协议
B. 对项目管理计划的变更单
C. 采购管理计划
D. 风险管理计划
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
30.In a weekly project review meeting, the project manager discusses various type
project risks
Which of the following risk quantification techniques should be used?
A. Probability distributions
B. Expert judgment
C. Data quality assessment
D. Risk urgency assessment
30.在每周项目审查会议上，项目经理讨论了不同类型的项目风险。应使用下列哪一项风险
量化工具？
A. 概率分布
B. 专家判断
C. 数据质量评估
D. 风险紧迫性评估
31.To guarantee their next project delivery, two project teams require the same
critical resource within the same timeframe. What should the project manager do
first?
A. Inform the customer that the delivery will be delayed
B. Advise the resource to work overtime to complete both activities
C. Review the human resource management plan and contact a preferred consulting
firm
D. Arrange a joint problem-solving session with the two team leaders to identify
possible actions
31.为保证下一次项目交付，两个项目团队在相同的时间范围内需要相同的关键资源。项目
经理首先应该做什么？
A. 通知客户将延迟交付
B. 通知资源加班工作完成两项活动
C. 审查人力资源管理计划并联系一家首选顾问公司
D. 与两名团队领导安排一次联合问题解决会议，确定可能的行动
32.A project manager determines which risks have the greatest impact on the project
and plans to use a sensitivity analysis model. The project manager is in which of
the following processes?
A. Identify risks
B. Perform quantitative risk analysis
C. Control risks
D. Perform qualitative risk analysis
32.项目经理确定了哪些风险对项目产生的影响最大，并计划使用敏感性分析模型。项目经
理目前处于下列哪一个过程？
A. 识别风险
B. 实施定量风险
C. 风险控制
D. 实施定性风险分析
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
33.During a project’s closing phase, a project manager presents the last project
deliverable and run the acceptance criteria. However, before accepting the project,
the customer wants to add extra functionality
What should the project manager do next?
A. Agree to include the requirement
B. Update the project management plan according to the new request
C. Review the impact of the change and start the change management process
D. Reject any changes since the project is in the closing phase
33.在项目收尾阶段，项目经理提交了最后一个项目可交付成果，并运行验收标准。但是，
在验收项目之前，客户希望增加额外功能。
A. 同意包含该需求
B. 按照新的请求更新项目管理计划
C. 审查变更影响，并开始变更管理过程
D. 因为项目处于收尾阶段，拒绝任何变更
34.During the project’s execution phase, a key executive reports that a portion
of the project will be given to a new external vendor for development. The new vendor
provides their additional requirements which cause a potential delay in the delivery
schedule
What should the project manager do next?
A. Notify stakeholders of the scope change according to the communications
management plan
B. Update the risk management plan
C. Adjust the project management plan, schedule, and priorities to control the
impact
D. Conduct a risk reassessment
34.在项目执行阶段，一名关键主管报告将把项目的一部分外包给一名新的外部供应商开发。
这名新供应商提供了他们的额外需求，导致交付进度可能发生延迟。
项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A. 按照沟通管理计划通知干系人范围变更
B. 更新风险管理计划
C. 调整项目管理计划、进度和优先级控制的影响
D. 执行风险再评估
35.While working with a customer to validate a deliverable, the customer notifies
the project manager that several required data fields are missing. The customer
indicates that the data fields are included in the requirements
During which of the following processes should the project team have discovered this
error?
A. Identify benchmark
B. Report performance
C. Control scope
D. Control quality
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
35.当与客户合作核实可交付成果时，客户通知项目经理多项必须的数据字段缺失。客户表
示这些数据字段已包含在需求当中。
项目团队应该在以下哪一个过程中发现这个错误？
A. 识别标杆
B. 报告绩效
C. 控制范围
D. 控制质量
36. A risk identified in the risk register，is realized by the design team. As a
result, the project expenses will increase by 15%.
What should the project manager do next?
A. Execute the response plan for the identified risk in risk management plan
B. Get together all design member and discuss the other solution
C. Inform the key stakeholders that one risk impacts the project budget
D. Reduce other tasks’ cost, balance the cost to make sure project cost is within
the budget
36.设计团队意识到了在风险登记册中已识别的一个风险。结果，项目支出将增加15%。
项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A. 执行风险管理计划中识别的风险应对措施
B. 集合设计团队讨论其他方案
C. 通知关键干系人一个项目风险影响到项目预算
D. 减少其他任务的支出15%，平衡并保持在预算之内
37.During the customer’s final acceptance of deliverables, the project manager
encounters opposition from a local group. The project manager’s company conducts
a root cause analysis and discovers that the project did not adequately consider
environmental factors for the project
During which process should this have been completed?
A. Initiating
B. Monitoring and controlling
C. Planning
D. Executing
37.在客户最终验收可交付成果期间，项目经理遭遇到其他地方团队的反对意见。项目经理
所在公司开展了一次根本原因分析，发现项目并未充分考虑项目的环境因素。
这本应该在下列哪一个过程中完成？
A. 启动
B. 监控
C. 规划
D. 执行
38.A project manager works with the sales manager on a request for proposal(RFP).
The customer is interested in a new product feature which is still under development.
The sales manager asks the project manager to include in the response that the feature
is available
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
What should the project manager do?
A. Respond according to the sales manager’s suggestion
B. Escalate the issue to the project sponsor
C. Advise the customer that the product feature is not available
D. Refuse to respond to the RFP
38.项目经理与销售经理一起合作答复建议邀请书（FRP）。客户对一个仍处于开发阶段的
新产品功能非常感兴趣。销售经理要求项目经理在答复中包含可提供该功能的内容。
项目经理应该怎么做？
A．按照销售经理的建议答复
B．将该问题上报给项目发起人
C．通知客户无法提供该产品功能
D．拒绝答复该RFP
39.While preparing for monthly stakeholder meeting, the project management
identifies a resource availability issue that could impact the project schedule will
not be impacted
Which should the project manager do next?
A. Work to resolve the issue so that it does not impact the schedule
B. Acquire additional resources to resolve the issue
C. Discuss the issue with the stakeholders during the monthly meeting
D. Meet with the project team to brainstorm how to resolve the issue
39.在准备每月干系人会议时，项目经理识别到一个可能影响项目进度的资源可用性问题。
项目经理认为如果问题能在几周内解决，则不会影响到进度。
项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A. 设法解决问题，以便不影响进度
B. 招募额外资源解决这个问题
C. 在月度会议上与干系人讨论这个问题
D. 与项目团队开会，头脑风暴讨论如何解决这个问题
40.A project manager works on a telecommunications project，which is a high priority
for the organization. After defining the scope, which of the following processes
should the project team work on next?
A. Create WBS
B. Determine budget
C. Develop human resource management plan
D. Define activities
40.项目经理正在管理一个在组织中处于优先级的电信项目。定义范围之后，项目团队下一
步应做下列哪一个过程？
A. 创建 WBS
B. 确定预算
C. 制定人力资源管理计划
D. 定义活动
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
41.A project manager schedules a meeting with all stakeholders to review and approve
the project management plan and all subsidiary plans. After minor changes are made,
approval is given to proceed to the next stage
What should the project manager do next?
A. Baseline the project management plan and then process the minor changes
B. Update the project management plan and send it to all stakeholders
C. Continue to the next phase and then review the minor changes
D. Conduct individual meetings with the stakeholders who suggested the minor
changes
41.项目经理与所有干系人安排了一次会议，审查并批准项目管理计划以及所有子计划。在
进行细微变更之后，获得批准继续进行下一个阶段。
项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A. 以项目管理计划为基准，然后处理细微变更
B. 更新项目管理计划，并将其发送给所有干系人
C. 继续下一个阶段，然后审查细微变更
D. 与建议细微变更的干系人单独开会
42.Which of the following techniques attempts to balance resource requirements by
rescheduling specific activities?
A. Scheduling compression
B. Leveling
C. Smoothing
D. Adjusting leads and lags
42.下列哪一项技术尝试通过重新安排特定活动的进度以便平衡资源需求？
A. 进度压缩
B. 平衡
C. 环节
D. 调整时间提前量和滞后量
43.Before the stakeholder meeting. What communication method should the project
manager use to obtain key stakeholder approval of the project management plan?
A. Email
B. Interactive
C. Pull
D. push
43.在干系人会议之前，项目经理应使用什么沟通方式获得干系人对项目管理计划的认可？
A. 电子邮件
B. 交互式沟通
C. 拉式沟通
D. 推式沟通
44.A newly assigned project manager determines that the project is on time and with
budget. However, a supplier’s deliverables will be delayed
Which should the new project manager do next?
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
A. Conduct a quantitative risk analysis and identify how the risk must be addressed
B. Meet with the supplier and request an immediate resolution
C. Identify and evaluate the projected impact on cost and schedule
D. Execute the contingency plan to address the impact on the project schedule
44.一名新任命的项目经理确定项目符合时间和预算要求。但是，一名供应商的可交付成果
将延迟。
新项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A. 实施一次定量风险分析，并确定必须如何解决该风险
B. 与供应商开会，并要求立即解决
C. 确定并评估对项目成本和进度的影响
D. 执行应急计划解决对项目进度的影响
45.While developing a project charter for an internal project, the project manager
realizes some functional managers’ expectations conflict with each other and could
negatively impact the project
What should the project manager do next?
A. Develop a communications management plan
B. Perform a stakeholder analysis
C. Evaluate the risks
D. Escalate to the project sponsor
45.在为一个内部项目制定项目章程时，项目经理意识到一些职能经理的期望与另一些职能
经理的期望相冲突，可能对项目产生负面影响。
项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A. 制定沟通管理计划
B. 执行干系人分析
C. 评估风险
D. 上报给项目发起人
46.The project manager holds a project closure meeting with the customer. The agenda
includes collecting customer feedback and evaluating their satisfaction
Which of the following work this information allows the project manager do?
A. Ensure the success of future project
B. Ensure the future cooperation with the customer
C. Evaluate project performance
D. Update the responsibility assignment matrix
46.项目经理与客户召开项目收尾会议。议程包括搜集客户的反馈并评估他们的满意度。
这个信息可以让项目经理进行下列哪一项工作？
A. 确保未来项目的成功
B. 确保与该客户的未来合作
C. 评估项目绩效
D. 更新责任分配矩阵
47.One project needs to purchase one merchandise from one supplier, but this supplier
is out of stock for this merchandise, the project manager planes to purchase the
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
merchandise from another qualified supplier. What should the project manager do
next?
A. Update the schedule plan according to the purchase lead time for the new supplier
B. Inform the customer with the change request and get the approval of the change
request
C. Evaluate the impact on project budget or contingency reserve on schedule
D. Require procurement depart to cancel the purchase order with old supplier
47.一个项目取决于一个从供应商采购的一件商品。但是，该供应商库存里没有这件商品。
项目经理计划从另一个合格供应商处获得采购订单。
项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A. 按照新供应商采购订单的交付周期更新进度计划
B. 立即向客户通知该变更并请求批准
C. 评估对预算或进度应急储备的影响
D. 要求采购部门取消原始供应商的合同
48.During the selection of a supplier for a complex project, the project manager
wants to ensure the potential suppliers have a clear understanding of requirements.
The project manager identifies three potential suppliers from a prequalified list
A. Review the suppliers’ proposals
B. Ask a third party to select the supplier that best fits the requirements
C. Ask the sponsor for feedback on the prospective suppliers
D. Invite the suppliers to a bidder conference
48.在为一个复杂项目选择供应商期间，项目经理希望确保潜在供应商能明确了解需求。项
目经理在资格预审名单中确定了三名潜在供应商。
项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A. 审核所有潜在供应商的建议书
B. 让第三方选择一家最符合要求的供应商
C. 寻求发起人对潜在供应商的反馈
D. 邀请所有潜在供应商参加投标会议
49.Concerned that a project will miss a critical milestone, the customer insists
on conducting the phases concurrently to save time. Before approving this change,
which of the following should the project manager conduct?
A. Schedule impact analysis
B. Crashing impact analysis
C. Dependency and requirements analysis
D. Cost impact analysis
49.因为担心项目将延误一个关键里程碑，客户坚持同时实施阶段工作以便节约时间。批准
这个变更之前，项目经理应开展下列哪一项工作？
A．进度影响分析
B．赶工影响分析
C．依赖关系和需求分析
D．成本影响分析
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
50.During a team meeting, the project manager collects information for the project
charter. Which of the following will be included in the project charter?
A. Assumptions and constraints, high-level risks, and stakeholder list
B. Project purpose, summary budget, and project management plan
C. Scope baseline, team composition, and project management plan
D. Assumptions and constraints, work breakdown structure, and summary budget
50.项目经理在团队会议上收集项目章程信息。下列哪一项应包含进项目章程?
A. 假设和制约因素、高层次风险以及干系人名单
B. 项目目的、预算汇总和项目管理计划
C. 范围基准、团队构成和开支限制
D. 假设和制约因素、工作分解结构和预算汇总
51.A company implements new software for the human resources department. However,
technical issues cause schedule delays and impact the project budget.
To address the situation, which of the following stakeholders should the project
manager engage?
A. Software vendor
B. Information technology manager
C. Human resources manager
D. Project sponsor
51.一家公司为人力资源部门实施了新软件。然而，技术问题导致进度延期并影响项目预算。
为解决这种情况，项目经理应接洽下列哪一位干系人？
A. 软件供应商
B. 信息技术经理
C. 人力资源经理
D. 项目发起人
52.An approved strategic plan allocates US$15 million to a building renovation
project. The senior executive for the project leaves the company and a new senior
executive is identified.
What should the project manager do next?
A. Update the project charter
B. Update the stakeholder register
C. Update the risk register
D. Update the risk management plan
52.一个已批准的战略计划向一个建筑翻新项目分配了1500万美元。项目高级主管离开公
司，且任命了新的高级主管。
项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A. 更新项目章程
B. 更新干系人登记册
C. 更新风险登记册
D. 更新风险管理计划
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
53.A project manager is assigned to a new project. A first draft of the project
charter was already written by the project sponsor. The project sponsor notifies
the project manager that some key stakeholders were forgotten during a previous
similar project. The project sponsor mandates that the project manager ensure that
all stakeholders be identified.
What approach should the project manager take to gather the required information？
A. Consult the lessons learned from the previous project
B. Consult the project charter from the previous project
C. Start to prepare a stakeholder analysis from scratch
D. Obtain the project management plan from the previous project
53.项目经理被任命管理一个新项目。项目发起人已经起草完项目章程的第一稿。项目发起
人通知项目经理在之前一个类似项目中某些关键干系人被遗漏了。项目发起人要求项目
经理确保所有项目干系人均已识别。
若要收集必要信息，项目经理应该采取什么方式？
A. 查询之前项目的经验教训
B. 查询之前项目的项目章程
C. 开始从头准备一份干系人分析
D. 获得之前项目的项目管理计划
54.After confirming the availability of human resource and obtaining teams for
project assignments, the project manager discovers that the resources will not
sufficiently meet the project schedule. The project manager meets with a functional
manager who agrees to make additional resources available for the duration of the
project.
What tool or technique does the project manager use?
A. Negotiation
B. Acquisition
C. Pre-assignment
D. Co-location
54.确认人力资源可用性并获得执行项目任务的团队后，项目经理发现资源不足以满足项目
进度计划，项目经理与职能经理开会，职能经理同意为项目工期增加可用资源。
项目经理是用的是什么工具或技术？
A. 谈判
B. 招募
C. 预分派
D. 集中办公
55.As a result of financial issues, seller a will be late in delivering a critical
product. According to the contingency plan, seller B is an approved vendor and could
deliver a similar product.
What should the project manager do next?
A. Submit a change request to the change control board
B. Hold a bidder meeting with potential sellers
C. Review business case to ensure the return on investment
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
D. Submit a change request to procurement department
55.作为一个财务问题的结果，卖方A 将延迟交付一项关键产品。按照应急计划，卖方B 是
一家获批准卖方，可以提供类似产品。
项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A. 向变更控制委员会提交一项变更请求
B. 与潜在卖方召开投标人会议
C. 审查商业论证，确保投资回报
D. 向采购部门提交一份变更请求
56.Which one of the following techniques could be used to measure the compliance
of a project to the organizational policies and procedures?
A. Benchmarking
B. Delphi
C. Root cause analysis
D. Quality audit
56.下列哪一项技术可以用于衡量一个项目是否符合组织政策和程序？
A. 标杆对照
B. 德尔菲技术
C. 根本原因分析
D. 质量审计
57. While evaluating a project, the project team identifies several risks, most of
which have mitigation plans. However, one probable risk cannot be reduced. What
should the project manager do?
A. Escalate the issue to senior management.
B. Ask for additional resources.
C. Use the management reserve.
D. Implement the contingency reserve.
57.在评估一个项目时，项目团队识别到多个风险，其中大部分风险都具有风险减轻计划。
然而，一个可能的风险不能减少。项目经理应该怎么做？
A.将问题上报给高级管理层。
B.要求额外资源。
C.使用管理储备。
D.实施应急储备。
58.During an internal project team meeting, the scheduling assistant shares
information that the project manager does not want shared with the other team members.
The project manager immediately asks the assistant to stop discussing this topic
and to meet privately after the team meeting has concluded
The project manager uses what tape of conflict management?
A. Smooth/accommodate
B. Collaborate/problem solve
C. Force/direct
D. Withdraw/avoid
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
58.在一次内部项目团队会议中，进度安排助理分享了项目经理不希望与其他团队成员分享
的信息。项目经理立即让该助理停止讨论这个话题，并在团队会议结束后私下见面讨论。
项目经理使用的是哪种冲突管理类型？
A. 缓解/包容
B. 合作/解决问题
C. 强迫/命令
D. 撤退/回避
59.At the end of a project, a customer inquiries about a missing item. To ensure
all items are completed, what should the team have referenced?
A. Work breakdown structure
B. Project scope
C. Activities list
D. Project management plan
59.在项目结束时，一名客户询问一个缺失项的情况。为确保所有各项工作均已完成，团队
应参考什么文件？
A．工作分解结构
B．项目范围
C．活动清单
D．项目管理计划
60.Miday through a project’s execution, a customer requests additional
functionality that will be critical from a business perspective. Which of the
following subsidiaries of the project management plan will be primarily impacted?
A. Configuration management plan
B. Scope management plan
C. Risk management plan
D. Communications management plan
60.在一个项目执行中途，客户要求增加从业务前景上看非常关键的功能。这将主要影响到
以下哪一个项目管理计划附件？
A. 配置管理计划
B. 范围管理计划
C. 风险管理计划
D. 沟通管理计划
61.A project manager must provide performance data to the project sponsor. To ensure
consistency with previous status reports, the project manager verifies the quality
of the information.
What technique does the project manager use?
A. Forecasting methods
B. Variance analysis
C. Information gathering
D. Checklist analysis
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
61.项目经理必须向项目发起人提供绩效数据。为确保之前的状态报告保持一致，项目经理
核实信息质量。项目经理使用的是什么技术？
A. 预测技术
B. 偏差分析
C. 信息收集
D. 核对表分析
62.Due to an organizational change, some functional human resources will no longer
be available work on the project. The organization lacks internal resource to fill
the vacancies
What should the project manager do to address this resource issue?
A. Redistribute the workload across the remaining functional resources
B. Assess external resource
C. Reschedule the project
D. Escalate this human resource issue to the project sponsor
62.由于组织变更，有些职能人力资源不再可能为项目工作。该组织缺乏内部资源来填补空
缺。
若要解决这个资源问题，项目经理应该怎么做？
A. 在剩余的职能资源中重新分配工作量
B. 评估外部资源
C. 重新制定项目进度计划
D. 将这个人力资源问题上报给项目发起人
63.Before the bid or proposal submittals, a company meets with all prospective
sellers. The company wants to ensure that all prospective sellers have a clear and
common understanding on the procurement process
The company is in which of the following procurement management processes?
A. Conduct procurements
B. Plan procurements
C. Control procurements
D. Close procurements
63.提交标书或建议书之前，一家公司与所有潜在卖方开会。公司希望确保所有潜在卖方对
采购流程有一个明确的共识。
该公司正处于下列哪一项采购管理过程组中？
A．实施采购
B．计划采购
C．控制采购
D．结束采购
64.After completing the define scope process, which technique should the project
manager use to generate a reliable estimation and manage cost and activity duration?
A. Decomposition
B. Precedence diagramming method
C. Earned value management
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
D. Establish a benchmark
64.完成定义范围过程后，项目经理应使用哪项技术来生成可靠估算并管理成本和活动持续
时间？
A. 分解
B. 紧前关键绘图法
C. 挣值管理
D. 确立基准
65.At a project status meeting, the vendor reports that they will miss the deadline
to release software, which will be required for the project to move forward. What
should the project manager do first?
A. Update the project management plan
B. Negotiate a new release date with the vendor
C. Perform the change control process
D. Issue a change request for approval
65.在状态会上，供应商报告他们将会延误软件发布期限，而发布软件是项目继续推进的一
个必要条件。
项目经理首先应该做什么？
A. 更新项目管理计划
B. 与供应商协商一个新的发布日期
C. 执行变更控制过程
D. 签发变更请求获得批准
66.A web development firm delivers a product to the client on time and 20% over the
original budget. The client is currently soliciting bids for a new web project.
What should the web development firm’s project manager do during the closure phase
to enhance customer relations?
A. Request requirements for the new web project
B. Conduct a stakeholder analysis
C. Meet with the client to review lessons learned
D. Implement corrective actions of the budget controlling
66.一家网络开发公司按时向客户交付产品，但超出原始预算20%。客户目前正在为一个新
网络项目投标。若要增强客户关系，网络开发公司的项目经理在收尾阶段应怎么做？
A. 索取新网络项目的需求
B. 进行干系人分析
C. 与客户开会，审查经验教训
D. 执行预算控制的纠正措施
67.The project manager begins to close a supplier contract. In order to ensure the
correct acceptance of the contract, which of the following completing sequence
should the project manager follow?
A. Verify completed work, close financial work, close contract
B. Close contract, verify completed work, close financial work
C. Close financial work, close contact, verify completed work
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
D. Verify completed work, close contract, close financial work
67.项目经理开始收尾一个供应商合同。为确保这些合同正确验收，应按照下列哪一个顺序
完成？
A. 核实已完成的工作、财务收尾、合同收尾
B. 合同收尾、核实已完成的工作、财务收尾
C. 财务收尾、合同收尾、核实已完成的工作
D. 核实已完成的工作、合同收尾、财务收尾
68.Due to a budget reduction, a project is terminated in the implementation phase.
The project manager is asked to formally close the project.
What should the project manager do next?
A. Update the change management plan as part of project closure
B. Draft lessons learned with the team and add to the historical database
C. Request an increase in the budget so that the project can continue
D. Continue to manage project communications
68.由于预算减少，项目在执行阶段终止了。项目经理被要求正式收尾项目。
项目经理下一步应该怎么做？
A. 更新变更管理计划，作为项目收尾的组成部分
B. 与团队起草经验教训，并添加到历史数据库
C. 请求增加预算，让项目继续
D. 继续管理项目沟通
69.A division of a corporation undertakes a one-year integration project. At the
end of the second month, the project status report shows the project is progressing
according to plan. The corporate office announces this division will be sold in three
months.
What should the project manager do next?
A. Communicate with the project sponsor and the key stakeholders to validate if
the project is still relevant
B. Suspend the project immediately and wait for the final outcome of the division’s
sale
C. Cancel the project immediately as there is no need for integration with the
corporation’s systems
D. Continue with the project until the division’s sale is finalized
69.公司的一个子公司承接了一个为期一年的集成项目。在第二个月底，项目状态报告显示
项目按计划进展。公司办公室宣布该子公司将在三个月内出售。
项目经理接下来应该怎么做？
A. 与项目发起人和关键干系人沟通，核实项目是否仍然有关
B. 立即终止项目，等待子公司出售
C. 立即取消该项目，因为不再需要该集成项目
D. 继续进行该项目，直到该部门最后被收购
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
70.Before developing a project charter, the project manager works with a consultant
and subject matter experts to determine any constraints. Which of the following
techniques did the project manager use?
A. Lessons learned
B. Historical information
C. Strategic plan
D. Expert judgment
70.制定项目章程之前，项目经理与一名顾问和主题专家一起合作确定任何制约因素。项目
经理使用了下列哪一项技术？
A. 经验教训
B. 历史信息
C. 战略计划
D. 专家判断
71.To report the quality test results on the deliverables, what should the project
manager take to the stakeholders meeting?
A. Work performance reports
B. Updated quality management plan
C. Process improvement plan
D. Quality control measurements
71.为了报告可交付成果上的质量测量结果，项目经理应该携带什么材料参加干系人会议？
A. 工作绩效报告
B. 更新的质量管理计划
C. 过程改进计划
D. 质量控制衡量
72.A project manager assigns an activity to a team member. The team member performs
the activity as the understood. However, the results do not meet the project
manager’s expectations
To avoid this situation, what tool should have been used?
A. Interactive communication
B. Active listening
C. Encode and decode
D. Push communication
72.项目经理将一项活动分配给团队成员。团队成员按其理解执行活动。但是，执行结果未
能满足项目经理的期望。
为避免这种情况，项目经理应该事先使用什么工具？
A．交互式沟通
B．积极倾听
C．编码和解码
D．推式沟通
73.Due to unavoidable circumstances, a project is terminated before it is completed.
What should the project manager do to close the project?
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
A. Prepare the change management documentation
B. Prepare formal documentation indicating why the project terminated
C. Update the benefits realization documentation
D. Reassign the team members
73.由于不可避免的情况，项目在完工前终止。收尾项目时，项目经理应该做什么？
A. 准备变更管理文档
B. 准备正式文档说明项目为何终止
C. 更新效益实现文档
D. 为团队成员重新分配任务
74.A US$150,000 project requires the completion of the following tasks:
Task 1 starts today and has an estimated duration of 2days
Task 2 cannot start until task 1 is finished and has an estimated duration of 8 days
Task 3 cannot start until task 1 is finished, must be completed before task 4 starts,
and has an estimated of 4 days
Task 4 cannot start until task 2 is finished and has an estimated duration of 8 days
Task 5 cannot start until task 4 is finished and has an estimated duration of 1 day
What is the duration of the critical path?
A. 15 days
B. 17 days
C. 19 days
D. 23 days
74.一个价值150,000 美元的项目要求完成以下任务：
任务 1今天开始，且估算持续时间为2 天。
任务 2要在任务1 结束之后才能开始，且估算持续时间为8 天。
任务 3要在任务1 结束之后才能开始，必须在任务4 开始之前完成，且估算持续时间为
4 天。
任务 4要在任务2 结束之后才能开始，且估算持续时间为8 天。
任务 5要在任务4 结束之后才能开始，且估算持续时间为1 天。
关键路径的持续时间是多少
A. 15 天
B. 17 天
C. 19 天
D. 23 天
75.Due to scope creep, project team members must work long hours, which results in
low morale. After a team member resigns, other team members must postpone vacations
to maintain the project schedule
At the next project review board meeting, the project manager should do which of
the following
A. Use the human resource management plan to request additional resources
B. Use the project management information system to request an extension to the
project schedule
C. Propose a change in scope to reduce the team’s workload
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
D. State that project completion is on schedule and recommend the team members for
an award
75.由于范围潜变，项目团队成员必须工作更长的时间，这导致他们士气低下。在一名团队
成员辞职后，其他团队成员必须推迟假期才能保持项目进度计划。
在下一次项目评审委员会上，项目经理应该采取下列哪一项措施？
A. 使用人力资源管理计划请求额外的资源
B. 使用项目管理信息系统请求延长项目进度
C. 提出一项范围变更，减少团队的工作量
D. 表明项目能按进度完成，并建议奖励团队成员
76.In a project closure report, a project team discovers risks, which were not
identified during the project life cycle. The project team recommends performing
a risk reassessment for future projects.
In which of the following should this recommendation be documented?
A. Organizational process assets updates
B. Project reports
C. Historical information
D. Risk register updates
76.在一份项目收尾报告中，项目团队发现在项目生命周期中未识别到的风险。项目团队建
议为未来项目执行风险再评估。
这项建议应该记录在下列哪一项中？
A. 组织过程资产更新
B. 项目报告
C. 历史信息
D. 风险登记册更新
77.A potential client submits a multiyear project’s request for proposal to the
project manager. Before presenting any documents, the project manager speaks with
the client and discusses the information received. Next, the project manager
discusses the information internally.
The project manager is doing which of the following?
A. Develop the project charter
B. Define the high-level scope
C. Identify the high-level risks
D. Perform a key stakeholder analysis
77.一个潜在客户向项目经理提交了一个为期多年的项目建议邀请书。在提交任何文件之前，
项目经理与客户联系，并讨论接收到的信息。接下来，项目经理在内部讨论这些信息。
项目经理正在从事下列哪一项工作？
A. 制定项目章程
B. 定义高层次范围
C. 识别高层次风险
D. 执行关键干系人分析
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
78.During the execution phase, a new contractor takes over a project deliverable.
The remaining project deliverables are not affected by the contractor change.
During the kick-off meeting with the new contractor’s team, what should the project
manager address first?
A. Discuss the cost baseline
B. Review the scope baseline
C. Identify the team’s roles and responsibilities
D. Outline the role of the project manager
78.在执行阶段，一名新的承包商接受一项项目可交付成果。剩余的项目可交付成果并未受
到承包商变更的影响。
在与新承包商团队召开项目启动大会期间，项目经理首先应解决什么问题？
A. 讨论成本基准
B. 审查范围基准
C. 确定团队的角色和职责
D. 概述项目经理的角色
79.The project manager learns that a change request is approved. This change impacts
the project cost and schedule.
What should the project manager do?
A. Change the baseline
B. Change the risk register
C. Change the work breakdown structure
D. Change the resource plan
79.项目经理了解到一项变更请求已获批准。这项变更将影响到项目成本和项目进度。
项目经理应该怎么做？
A. 变更基准
B. 变更风险登记册
C. 变更工作分解结构
D. 变更资源计划
80.During project planning, the project team collects cost estimates, the delivery
of major components, and specific engineering durations. To calculate a distribution
of possible outcomes for the total project, what technique should the project team
use?
A. Schedule network analysis
B. Monte carol simulation
C. Critical path method
D. Resource leveling
80.在项目规划期间，项目团队收集成本估算、交付主要部件以及具体工程设计时间。若要
计算整个项目的可能结果分布，项目团队应使用什么技术？
A. 进度网络分析
B. 蒙特卡洛模拟
C. 关键路径法
D. 资源平衡
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
81.During system testing, the number of tests that fail by type or category of
identified cause is recorded. The project manager needs to address the areas of
greatest fault first to correct the errors.
What type of tool or technique should the project manager use?
A. Control chart
B. Histogram
C. Pareto chart
D. Scatter diagram
81.在系统测试期间，按已识别原因的类型或类别记录了失败测试的数量。项目经理首先需
要从最大故障领域着手来解决错误。
项目经理应使用哪种类型工具或技术？
A. 控制图
B. 直方图
C. 帕累托图
D. 散点图
82.A project manager uses a weighted PERT distribution. The most likely cost for
the task is US$35,000, if successful, the cost may be as little as US$25,000, and
is not expected to excel US$40,000.
What is the expected cost for this task?
A. US$33,333
B. US$34,166
C. US$35,000
D. US$40,000
82.项目经理使用加权计划评审技术（PERT）分布。该任务最可能的成本为35000 美元。如
果成功，成本可能少至25000 美元，且预期不超过40000美元。
该任务的预期成本是多少？
A. 33333美元
B. 34166美元
C. 35000美元
D. 40000美元
83.A project team is composed of 15 team members from the project manager’s company.
Ten team members are from the customer’s organization, and three team members are
from external consultants.
Where should the project manager find a definition of the roles and responsibilities
for the variously team members?
A. Human resource management plan
B. Project organization plan
C. Staffing management plan
D. Resource breakdown structure
83.一个项目团队由来自项目经理所在公司的15名团队成员组成。十名成员来自客户组织，
三名团队成员来自外部顾问。
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
项目经理应该在哪份文件中找到有关不同团队成本员角色和职责的定义？
A. 人力资源管理计划
B. 项目组织计划
C. 人员配备管理计划
D. 资源分解结构
84.A team subdivides the project work and deliverables into smaller and more
manageable components. Which of the following inputs should the team use?
A. Requirements documentation
B. Decomposition
C. Scope baseline
D. Work breakdown structure
84.团队将项目工作和可交付成果分成较小且更易于管理的部分。团队应该使用下列哪一项
的输入？
A. 需求文件
B. 分解
C. 范围基准
D. 工作分解结构
85.What are the three types of cost of quality that may be incurred during a project?
A. Prevention, appraisal, and failure
B. Environmental, appraisal, and prevention
C. Appraisal, labor, and prevention
D. Stakeholder, prevention, and labor
85.项目过程中可能发生哪三种质量成本类型？
A. 预防成本、评价成本和失败成本
B. 环境成本、评价成本和预防成本
C. 评价成本、人工成本和预防成本
D. 干系人成本、预防成本和人工成本
86.In a weak matrix organization, who manages the budget for a construction project
where multiple change orders will be expected?
A. Contractor
B. Project management office
C. Functional manager
D. Project manager
86.在一个弱矩阵组织中，谁负责管理预期将有多个变更单的施工项目预算？
A. 承包商
B. 项目管理办公室
C. 职能经理
D. 项目经理
87.A project team must resolve a manufacturing issue. What should the proeject team
do next?
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
A. Define the issue, generate solutions, and recommend solutions to management
B. Brainstorm the issue, generate solutions, and ask the project manager to decide
C. Provide senior managers the details regarding the manufacturing issue and let
them decide
D. Create a risk management plan for the project manager to present to management
87.项目团队必须解决一个制造问题。项目团队接下来应该怎么做？
A. 定义问题、产生解决方案并向管理层建议解决方案
B. 对这个问题进行头脑风暴、产生解决方案并让项目经理决策。
C. 向高级经理提供有关制造问题的详情并让他们决策
D. 为项目经理创建风险管理计划，提交给管理层
88.While executing a schedule-driven project, the schedule performance index
becomes 0.8. the project manager applies fast tracking and schedule compression
techniques without any success
What should the project manager do next?
A. Initiate the integrated change control process
B. Apply changes to the schedule baseline
C. Ask the sponsor for additional resources
D. Reduce the project scope
88.在执行一个受进度驱动的项目时，进度绩效指数为0.8。项目经理应用了快速跟进和进
度压缩技术，但不成功。
项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A. 启动整体变更控制过程
B. 对进度基准应用变更
C. 让发起人增加额外资源
D. 减少项目范围
89.A project manager gathers the first found of requirements in a group meeting with
key stakeholders. One of the stakeholders controls the conversation and the project
manager fears that not all requirements are fully identified
To ensure the requirements are fully and accurately documented in a non-biased manner,
the project manager should do which of the following?
A. Hold a second meeting that excludes the vocal stakeholder
B. Provide an anonymous communication channel for all stakeholders to provide
feedback
C. Document the potential for incomplete requirements in the risk register
D. Allow the integrated change control process to capture future requirement
changes
89.项目经理在与关键干系人召开的集体会议中收集到第一轮需求。但是其中一名项目干系
人掌控了谈话，项目经理担心未充分识别所有需求。
若要确保通过一种公正方式充分准确记录，项目经理应该采取下列哪一项措施？
A. 再召开一次会议，将发言的干系人排除在外
B. 向所有项目干系人提供一个匿名沟通渠道，以便他们提供反馈。
C. 将需求不完整的潜在风险记录在风险登记册中
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
D. 允许实施整体变更控制过程，来收集未来的需求变更
90.After evaluating the project needs, the project manager decides to acquire a
subject matter expert, who will work virtually. What should the project manager do
to plan project communications?
A. Conduct a meeting and ask the internal team members to facilitate communications
with the virtual team member
B. Take additional actions to set clear expectations and clarify how team members
will communicate
C. Update and communicate the risk management plan to the customer
D. Follow the same communication process for both the internal and virtual teams
90.评估项目需求之后，项目经理决定招募一名主题专家，而该主题专家将采用虚拟方式工
作。为制定项目沟通计划，项目经理应该怎么做？
A. 召开会议，并要求内部团队成员促进与虚拟团队成员的沟通
B. 采取其他措施，设定明确的期望，并澄清团队成员之间的沟通方式。
C. 更新风险管理计划并与客户进行沟通
D. 让内部团队和虚拟团队遵循相同的沟通流程
91. Two project team members continually disagree on product design. Despite several
attempts, the project manager is unable to resolve the issue, and the project is
now behind schedule.
What conflict resolution technique should the project manager use to immediately
resolve this issue?
A. Smooth/accommodate
B. Compromise/reconcile
C. Withdraw/avoid
D. Force/direct
91.两名项目团队成员一直对产品设计意见不一致。即使经过多次尝试，项目经理仍无法解
决这个问题，项目现在落后于进度计划。
项目经理应使用什么冲突解决技术来立即解决这个问题？
A. 缓和/包容
B. 妥协/调解
C. 撤退/回避
D. 强迫/命令
92.During a project’s execution, the program manager advises the project manager
that the project will be cancelled. What should the project manager do next?
A. Reassign the resources to other projects
B. Meet with the project sponsor and the program manager
C. Continue the phase to completion
D. Create a change request for the delivery manager
92.在项目执行期间，项目集经理通知项目经理项目将被取消。项目经理下一步该怎么做？
A. 向其他项目重新分配资源
B. 与项目发起人和项目集经理开会
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
C. 继续阶段完成
D. 向交付经理创建一份变更请求
93.Who can request changes to a project regarding a substantial project budget
overrun?
A. Only the project sponsor
B. Any stakeholder
C. Only the project manager
D. The organization paying the additional cost
93.谁可以请求与项目预算大幅超支有关的项目变更？
A. 只有项目发起人
B. 任何项目干系人
C. 只有项目经理
D. 支付额外成本的组织
94.A project is currently on schedule and within budget. A component used in the
project that was procured from an external source suddenly breaks down. The
procurement contract includes an insurance condition stipulating the supplier
should replace the component within two weeks.
The implementation of such a strategy is called？
A. Risk avoidance
B. Risk mitigation
C. Risk acceptance
D. Risk transfer
94.项目目前符合进度和预算。项目中所使用的一个部件突然发生故障，该部件是从外部来
采购的，采购合同包括规定供应商应在两周内更换部件的保险条件。
此类策略的执行称作？
A. 风险回避
B. 风险减轻
C. 风险接受
D. 风险转移
95.Before project status meeting, the project manager uses electronic mail to report
project progress and project performance reports. What communication method project
manager used?
A. Interactive communication
B. Push communication
C. Pull communication
D. Active communication
95.在状态会议前，项目经理采用电子邮件邮寄进度和绩效报告。这使用的是哪种类型的沟
通方法？
A. 交互式沟通
B. 推式沟通
C. 拉式沟通
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
D. 主动式沟通
96.Due to unexpected circumstances, a project stops during implementation. Six month
later, the organization wants to finish the project and assigns the same project
manager
What should the project manager do first?
A. Review all initiation and planning outputs and confirm any changes with the
project stakeholders
B. Review all initiation and planning outputs and revise the project management
plan
C. Review the project management plan and continue with the execution to finish
the project
D. Review all planning outputs and follow the change management plan
96.由于意外情况，一个项目在执行期间停止。六个月后，该组织希望完成项目，并任命了
同一个项目经理。
项目经理首先应该做什么？
A. 审查所有启动和规划输出，并与项目干系人确认任何变更
B. 审查所有启动和规划输出，并修订项目管理计划
C. 审查项目管理计划并继续执行直到完成项目
D. 审查所有规划输出，并遵循变更管理计划
97.Midway through the project, the project manger must determine if the planned
budget will be sufficient to complete the project. Which of the following should
the project manager calculation and then compare with the original budget?
A. Estimate to complete
B. Estimate at completion
C. Earned value
D. Budget at completion
97.在项目中途，项目经理必须决定计划预算是否足以完成该项目。项目经理应该计算下列
哪一项值再与原始预算对比？
A．完工尚需估算
B．完工估算
C．挣值
D．完工预算
98.During the analysis phase of a company’s project, the project stalls because
key stakeholders within various departments disagree on basic project requirements.
With no prospective resolution, the project manager escalates the project risk. The
project sponsor decides to terminate the project.
Which of the following does this describe?
A. Risk avoidance
B. Risk transfer
C. Risk acceptance
D. Risk mitigation
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
98.在一家公司项目的分析阶段，由于不同部门的各个关键干系人对基本项目需求意见不一
致，项目停止不前。由于没有潜在的解决方案，项目经理上报了项目风险。项目发起人
决定终止该项目。
下列哪一项是该行动的描述？
A. 风险回避
B. 风险转移
C. 风险接受
D. 风险减轻
99.As a result of the quality control process, a change request is generated and
approved by the change control board
What should the project manager do next?
A. Arrange the implementation of the approved change
B. Evaluate the change request with change control board
C. Evaluate the risk if not to implement the change
D. Perform root cause analysis to determine the cause of the change
99.作为控制质量过程的结果，产生变更请求，并由变更控制委员会批准。项目经理下一步
该怎么做？
A. 安排批准变更的实施
B. 与变更控制委员会一起评估变更请求
C. 评估如果不实施变更的风险
D. 执行根本原因分析确定变更的缘由
100.After a detailed list of project activities is created, the project manager wants
to estimate the project’s total cost without changing the project’s duration or
deliverables. Which of the following estimating techniques should the project
manager use?
A. Three-point
B. Bottom-up
C. Analogous
D. parametric
100.在创建项目活动详细清单之后，项目经理希望在不更改项目持续时间或可交付成果的情
况下估算项目总成本。项目经理应使用下列哪一项估算技术？
A．三点估算
B．自下而上
C．类比估算
D．参数估算
101. During project initiation, a key stakeholder claims the project is no longer viable. What
should the project manager do to evaluate the project’s viability?
A. Refer the stakeholder to the project sponsor.
B. Delay reassessment until project funding is exhausted at the end of initiation.
C. Check alignment with the business case and present to sponsor and key stakeholders.
D. Start the project closure process immediately.
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
101.在项目启动期间，一名关键干系人声称项目不再可行。为评估项目的可行性，项目经理
应该怎么做？
A.将该干系人推荐给项目发起人。
B.拖延项目再评估，直至项目资金在启动阶段结束时用完。
C.检查是否与商业论证保持一致，并提交给项目发起人和关键干系人。
D.立即开始项目收尾过程。
102. A project is delivered on-time, within the staffing budget, and is according to customer
requirements. The project seems to be successfully launched. However, three months after the
launch, the customer is concerned with the product and proposes a new project and design
change. During project closing, what should the project manager have done?
A. Validated scope
B. Measured customer satisfaction
C. Reviewed test reports
D. Standardized inspections
102.在人员配备预算内，项目按时交付，且符合客户要求。项目看起来成功推出。但是，就
在推出后的三个月，客户对产品表示担心，并提出一个新项目和设计变更。在项目收尾期间，
项目经理应该已完成什么？
A.核实范围
B.衡量客户满意度
C.审查测试报告
D.标准化检查
103. A risk in the risk register is realized late in the project. What would be the most effective
response to the situation?
A. Use the management reserve.
B. Perform a quantitative risk analysis.
C. Perform a qualitative risk analysis.
D. Use the contingency reserve.
103.在风险登记册中的一个风险在项目后期发生。应对这种情况的最有效措施是什么？
A.使用管理储备。
B.执行定量风险分析。
C.执行定性风险分析
D.使用应急储备。
104. The sponsor asks the project manager to quickly implement the primary deliverables* The
project manager attempts to allocate resources to the first tasks, but realizes resources are not
available. To identify the required skills, which of the following documents should the project
manager reference first？
A. Resource calendars
B. Project scope statement
C. Human resource management plan
D, WBS dictionary
104.项目发起人要求项目经理快速实施主要可交付成果。项目经理尝试将资源分配给第一个
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
任务，但意识到资源不可用。为识别所需技能，项目经理应首先参考下列哪一份文件？
A.资源日历
B.项目范围说明书
C.人力资源管理计划
D.WBS字典
105. A new team member joins a project. Because the new team member does not have any
previous experience with the company, the project manager recommends that the team
n*ember review project files from the company’s previous projects. This is an example of
leveraging which of the following?
A. Infrastructure
B. Project management information systems
C. Organizational process assets
D. Enterprise environmental factors
105.一名新团队成员加入项目。由于新团队成员之前在公司没有任何经验，项目经理建议团
队成员查看公司之前项目的项目文件。这是利用下列哪一项的实例？
A.基础设施
B.项目管理信息系统
C.组织过程资产
D.企业环境因素
106. A project is created to establish a new call center, and the development of training material
is subcontracted to an external training services providers. The training provider accepts a fixed
price contract for its services. Project risks associated with the subcontracted development of
training materials is an example of which of the following strategies'?
A. Mitigated
B. Transferred
C. Accepted
D. Avoided
106.一个项目是为了设立一个新的呼叫中心，培训资料的编制外包给一家外部培训服务提供
商。培训提供商接受为其服务签订一份固定总价合同。与分包编制培训资料有关的项目风险
属于下列哪一项战略的实例？
A.减轻
B.转移
C.接受
D.回避
107. When preparing a business case with a financial analyst, what key document is needed?
A. Cost-benefit analysis
B. Statement of work
C. Contract
D. Project charter
107.在与财务分析师准备商业论证时，需要以下哪一份关键文件？
A.成本效益分析
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
B.工作说明书
C.合同
D.项目章程
108. As a new project enters the development phase, the project manager is notified that the
shipment of a key project component may be delayed; the project cannot be completed without
this component. As a result, the project manager requests an extenuation to the project schedule
to accommodate the delay. Which of the following was used to manage the risk?
A. Avoid
B. Mitigate
C. Exploit
D. Accept
108.在一个新项目进入开发阶段时，项目经理接到通知，一个关键项目组成部分的转运可能
延期。而没有这个组成部分，项目则无法完成。因此，项目经理要求延长项目工期，来适应
这个延期。这使用了下列哪一项来管理风险？
A.回避
B.减轻
C.利用
D.接受
109. A project manager completes development of the project management plan. Approval is
obtained from all the key stakeholders, with the exception of the sates manager. Should the
project manager proceed with project execution?
A. No; the project manager should complete a risk register and escalate to the project sponsor.
B. No; the project manager should continue to follow the process and obtain the sales
manager's approval,
C. Yes; the project manager should proceed and inform the project sponsor of the situation.
D. Yes; the project manager should proceed to avoid delay, and follow up with the sales
manager as soon as possible.
109.项目经理完成项目管理计划的制定。已经获得除销售经理以外的所有关键干系人批准。
项目经理是否应继续执行项目？
A.否：项目经理应完成一份风险登记册，并上报给项目发起人。
B.否：项目经理应继续遵循过程，并获得销售经理的批推。
C.是：项目经理应继续并将情况通知项目发起人。
D.是：项冒经理应继续，以避免延期，并尽快与销售经理跟进。
110. A project manager is assigned to a project to replace an outdated system. During
installation the equipment is damaged and requires technical resources to repair it. What
document must be updated to communicate this occurrence with the stakeholders?
A. Issue log
B. Status report
C. Incident management plan
D. Resource allocation matrix
110.项目经理被任命管理一个更换过时系统的项目。在安装期间，设备损坏，并要求技术资
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
源修理。必须更新哪一份文件将这种情况与干系人沟通？
A.问题日志
B.状态报告
c.事件管理计划
D.资源分配矩阵
111. Due to quality control issues, a project is behind schedule. There is no obvious pattern to the
identified defects. Using a qualitative approach, which quality control tool should be used to
determine the source of the defects?
A. Histogram
B. Pareto chart
C. Scatter diagram
D. Cause and effect diagram
111.由于质量控制问题，项目落后于进度。没有识别缺陷的明显模式。使用定性方法，应使
用哪一种质量控制工具来确定缺陷来源？
A.直方图
B.帕累托图
C.散点图
D.因果图
112. A team member is impacting work performance with negative behavior. What technique
should the project manager use to address this issue?
A, performance appraisal
B. Coaching
C. Conflict management
D, Norming
112.一名团队成员采用消极行为影响工作绩效。项目经理应使用什么技术来解决这个问题？
A.绩效评价
B.指导
C.冲突管理
D.规范
113. A project was completed one year ago, and the project manager and resources are assigned
to another project, The customer emails the chief operations officer claiming that a deliverable is
not within the expected quality level and requests a change to this deliverable, Before
respondjn8 to the customer, what document should the chief operation officer review first?
A. Requirements management plan
B. Customer acceptance documents
C. Quality inspection report
D. Statement of work
113.项目已在一年前完工，项目经理和资源已分配到另一个项目。客户向首席运营官发送电
子邮件，声称一个可交付成果不符合预期的质量级别，并请求对该可交付成果的变更。在答
复客户之前，首席运营官应首先审查什么文件？
A.需求管理计划
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
B.客户验收文件
C.质量检查报告
D.工作说明书
114. During the initiation phase of an international project, a project manager analyzes the
project scope statement with experts; the experts inform the project manager that some project
deliverables will not be practical due to import restrictions. What should the project manager do
next?
A. Remove the impractical deliverables from the project scope statement and charter, and then
initiate the project.
B. Initiate the project as originally planned, and if issues arise, transfer risk to an external
party.
C. Initiate new scope and contract negotiation discussions with the project sponsor and the key
stakeholders.
D. Incorporate the risk of import restrictions in the risk management plan and risk register.
114.在一个国际性项目的启动阶段，项目经理与专家们一起分析项目范围说明书。专家告知
项目经理，由于进口限制，一些项目可交付成果不可实现。项目经理接下来应该怎么做？
A. 将不可实现的项目可交付成果从项目范围说明书和项目章程中剔除，然后启动该项目。
B. 按原计划启动项目，如果产生问题，则将风险转移给外部方。
C. 与项目发起人和关键干系人开展新的范围和合同谈判讨论。
D. 将进口限制风险包含近风险管理计划和风险登记册中。
115. During a company’s relocation to a new data center, a project team member discovers that
the new data center’s power supply will not be sufficient. To support forecasted growth over the
next three years, additional resources costing US$480,000 will be required. As the project
manager had previously identified this as a risk, what tool should have been used to determine if
the contingency budget would adequately cover this costs?
A. Status meeting
B. Reserve analysis
C. Risk reassessment
D. Technical performance measurement
115.在公司迁址到一个新数据中心期间，一名项目团队成员发现新数据中心的电源不足。为
了支持在未来三年内的预测增长，将需要US$48 万的额外资源。由于项目经理之前已将此
识别为一个风险，应使用什么工具来确定应急储备足以涵盖成本？
A.状态会议
B.储备分析
C.风险再评估
D.技术绩效测量
116. A team member with key technical skills disagrees with the way in which the project is
managed. What should the project manager do first?
A. Meet with the team member privately to discuss the issue.
B. Continue with the project because it will not affect the project’s progress.
C. Acknowledge the team member’s contributions and ability on the project
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
D. Address the. Team member’s issue in a team meeting
116.一名拥有关键技术技能的团队成员对项目管理方式不认同。项目经理首先应该怎么做？
A.与该名团队成员私下讨论该问题。
B.继续项目，因为这不影响项目进度。
c.认可团队成员对该项目的贡献和能力。
D.在团队会议上解决团队成员的问题。
117. After noticing a conflict within the team, the project manager attempts to resolve the
conflict by emphasizing the areas on which the team agrees and de-emphasizing the areas on
which the team disagrees, this is an example of which of the following conflict resolution
techniques
A, Compromise/Reconcile
B. Smooth/Accommodate
C. Collaborate/Problem Solve
D. Withdraw/Avoid
117.在得知团队中发生冲突之后，项目经理尝试通过强调团队达成共识的方面，而不强调未
达成共识的方面来解决冲突。这属于以下哪一种冲突解决技术的范例？
A 妥协／调节
B.缓解/包容
C.合作／解决问题
D.撤退／回避
118. During development of the project’s budget plan, which of the following should assist the
project manager in determining the total project costs?
A. Resource calendar
B. Earned value method
C. Cost variance analysis
D. Cost control process
118，在制定项目预算计划期间。下列哪一项将协助项目经理确定项目总成本？
A.资源日历
B.挣值法
C.成本偏差分析
D.成本控制过程
119. A team member informs the project manager that an assigned task cannot be implemented
by the established method. The team member suggests a new method that may require
additional time and impact the project baseline. What should the project manager do first?
A. Implement the change immediately to meet the schedule baseline. .
B. Initiate the change request process.
C. Meet with the sponsor to explain the situation,
D. Perform an impact analysis of the change request.
119.一名团队成员通知项目经理，一个已分解的任务不能通过常规方法实施。团队成员建议
了一个新方法，但可能需要额外的时间，并不影响项目基准。项目经理首先应该怎么做？
A.立即实施变更，满足进度基推。
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
B.开始变更请求过程
C.与发起人开会，说明这种情况。
D.执行变更请求的影响分析。
120. A project manager suspects there is a quality defect in a recently produced batch of
products. However, a test for this defect will be destructive to the products. What should the
company do next'?
A. Execute a design of experiments on the batch of products.
B. Randomly select units from the batch to measure the extent of the defect.
C. Execute statistical sampling with pre-defined acceptance criteria.
D. Release the current batch to sell at a discounted price,
120.项目经理怀疑最近生产的产品批次中存在一个质量缺陷。但是，对这个缺陷执行测试对
产品将是破坏性的。公司下一步应该怎么做？
A.对该产品批次执行实验设计。
B.从产品批次中随机选择几组来测量缺陷的范围。
C.使用预先定义的验收标准执行统计抽样
D.发布当前批次产品，按打折价销售。
121. Due to resource constraints, a project manager determines that a portion of the project
work must be outsourced, Which of the following inputs are required to ensure the requirements
and the timeline are met?
A. Qualified sellers’ list and scope
B. Schedule and scope
C. Cost estimates and performance
D. Cost estimates and schedule
121.由于资源约束条件，项目经理决定必须外包部分项目工作。为确保满足需求和时间线，
需要下列哪一项输入？
A.合格卖方清单和范围
B.进度和范围
C-成本估算和绩效
D.成本估算和进度
122. Remote project team members request that project meeting times are changed to a time
within the remote team’s working hours, However, local team members do not agree with this
proposal. What should the project manager do next?
A. Arrange a team meeting with all parties to determine a suitable time.
B. Discuss with the sponsor to decide upon a suitable time.
C. Accept the remote team’s request for a trial period.
D. Reject the remote team’s request as it is not in the communications management plan.
122.远程项目团队成员请求将项目会议时间更改为远程项目团队的工作时间内进行。然而，
本地团队成员却不同意这项提议。项目经理接下来应该怎么做？
A.安排一次与所有者方的团队会议，确定一个合适的时间。
B.与发起人讨论决定一个合适的时间。
C.接受远程团队的请求，并试行一段时间。
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
D.拒绝远程团队的请求，因为不包含在沟通管理计划中。
123. The project manager identifies that a finish-to-start dependency for an activity on the critical
path is missing. The project schedule was already communicated to the customer. What should
the project manager have done to avoid this issue?
A. Reviewed the work breakdown structure
B. Conducted a schedule network analysis
C. Prepared a risk management plan
D. Conducted an earned value analysis
123.项目经理发现关键路径上一项活动的开始到结束依赖关系遗漏了。项目进度计划已经与
客户沟通。若要避免这个问题，项目经理应该事先做什么？
A.审查工作分解结构
B.进行进度网络分析
c.制定风险管理计划
D.进行挣值分析
124. A project’s total cost is US$200,000. The project management requests a study to verify
whether the project will run behind schedule. The project has a 35% chance of incurring a
penalty of US$20,000 due to a delay in completion. There is a 65% chance that the company will
earn US$500,000 on the project. What is the expected monetary value?
A. US$118,000
B. US$293,000
C. US$318, 000
D. US$325,000
124.项目总成本为US$200，000.项目管理办公室要求开展一项研究，来验证项目是否会落后
于进度。项目有35%的机会发生因完工延期所导致的US$20，000罚款。还有65%的机会公
司将在项目中获利US$500，000。那么预期货币价值是多少？
A. US$118,000
B. US$293,000
C. US$318,000
D. US$325,000
125. During project execution, 'the project manager discovers that a key supplier is having
financial difficulty and could discontinue operations. What should the project manager do to
address the issue?
A, Organize a vendor conference and select a new supplier,
B. Request a quote from another supplier for the outstanding work,
C. Cancel the existing contract and award a similar contract to another supplier.
D. Implement the risk response plan to control the risk
125.项目执行过程中，项目经理发现一个关键供应商正经历财务困难，可能中断工作。项目
经理应该如何解决这个问题？
A.组织一次供应商会议，并选择一个新的供应商。
B.请求另一个供应商对剩余工作报价。
C.取消现有合同并向另一个供应商授予类似合同。
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
D.实施风险应对计划，控制风险。
126. A project team reports that the peer review process has non-valued activities. The quality
team must review the observations and process the overall adherence. Which of the following
does the quality team perform?
A. Quality adherence
B. Quality audit
C. Quality control
D. Quality assurance
126.项目团队报告同行评审过程存在无价值的活动。质量团队必须审查观察结果并处理整体
一致性。质量团队执行的是下列哪一项？
A.质量一致性
B.质量审计
C.质量控制
D.质量保证
127. A project manager is assigned a project with a demanding client. The project is dynamic
requires constant improvements and client feedback. Which of the following approaches should
the project manager adopt for this project ？
A. Extreme project management approach, as the project’s goal is unclear:
B. Agile project management approach, as it is fast and iterative
C. Traditional project management approach, as it is simple and intuitive
D. Lean six-sigma management approach, as it fits the project constraints
127.项目经理被分配管理一个要求苛刻客户的项目，项目是动态的，要求持续改进以及客户
反馈。
项目经理应该为该项目采用下列哪一个方法？
A.极端项目管理方法，因为项目目标不明确
B.敏捷项目管理方法，因为其快速且具有重复性
C.传统项目管理方法，因为其简单且直观
D.精益六西格玛管理方法，因为其审核项目的约束和限制
128. During project closing, the project manager reviews the deliverables with the customer. The
customer expresses concern about a deliverable, and both parties agree that it does not comply
with the requirements specification document. What should the project manager do-next?
A. Accept the issue as a defect and create a change request.
B. Evaluate the change. And update project documents.
C. Use a requirement traceability matrix to verify completed requirements.
D. Establish that deliverables were validated by a key user.
128.在项目收尾期间，项目经理与客户一起审查可交付成果。客户表示对其中一个可交付成
果的担心，且双方都一致认为该可交付成果不符合需求规范文档。
项目经理接下来应该怎么做？
A. 接受这个问题为缺陷，并创建变更请求
B. 评价变更并更新项目文档
C. 使用需求跟踪矩阵，核实已完成的需求
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
D. 证明该可交付成果已经由一名关键用户核实
129. In a project to upgrade a company’s accounting application, the project manager sends
weekly emails regarding the project’s status and the next activities. A key user of the application
complains that application outages are affecting their work performance. What should the
project manager do next?
A. Continue working according to planned activities.
B. Report the key user to their supervisor.
C. Review the stakeholder analysis and update to include the key user.
D. Review the stakeholder analysis and inform all stakeholders to include the key user in all
emails
129.在升级公司的会计应用程序项目中，项目经理每周发送一次有关项目状态以及后续活动
的电子邮件。该应用程序的一位关键用户抱怨应用程序影响他们的工作绩效。
项目经理接下来应该怎么做？
A. 按照计划活动继续工作
B. 向主管报告该关键用户的情况
C. 审查干系人分析并更新包含该关键用户
D. 审核干系人分析并通知所有干系人将该关键用户包含在所有电子邮件中
130. A team member complains to the project manager about the lack of praise for their
achievements. To avoid this issue, what should the project manager have conducted in the
develop project team phase?
A. Personnel assessment tools
B. Team performance assessment
C. Recognition and rewards
D. Human resource management plan
130.一名团队成员向项目经理抱怨项目缺乏对他们所取得成就的鼓励。为避免这个问题，项
目经理应在建设项目团队阶段开展哪一项？
A. 人员评估工具
B. 团队绩效评估
C. 认可与奖励
D. 人力资源管理计划
131. After the project team has brainstormed project risks, what should the project manager do
next?
A. Analyze and prioritize the risk.
B, Assign risk owner
C. Identify risk mitigation strategies,
D. Report the risks to the stakeholders.
131.在项目团队对项目风险头脑风暴后，项目经理下一步应该怎么做？
A. 分析并进行风险优先排序
B. 分配风险负责人
C. 确定风险减轻战略
D. 向干系人报告风险
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
132. After completing the final development of the produce, the project manager is ready to
transfer the ownership of the project’s deliverables to the on-going support team. Which of the
following is an input for the project’s next phase?
A. lessons learned
B. Project scope statement
C. Project management plan
D. Completed milestone list
132.完成产品的最终开发之后，项目经理准备向项目可交付成果的所有权移交给持续支持团
队。下列哪一项属于项目下一个阶段的输入？
A.经验教训
B.项目范围说明书
C.项目管理计划
D. 已完成的里程碑清单
133. Local community leaders express concern regarding the start of a construction project,
which could cause delays to the project. The project manager would like to analyze and
document.
A. Power/interest grid
B. Communications management plan
C. Stakeholders engagement assessment matrix
D. Stakeholder register
133.当地社区领导表达对开始一个施工项目的担忧，这可能会导致项目延期。项目经理想要
分析并记录已识别关键项目干系人的想法。
项目经理应该使用下列哪一项？
A. 权利/利益方格
B. 沟通管理计划
C. 干系人参与评估矩阵
D. 干系人登记册
134. A project manager obtains seller responses, as well as selects a seller to provide one of
project’s key components. The project manager completed which of the following processes?
A. Control Procurements
B. Direct and Manage Project Work
C. Plan Procurement Management
D. Conduct Procurements
134.项目经理获得供应商回复，并选择了一名供应商提供项目的其中一个关键组成部分。项
目经理完成的是下列哪一个过程？
A. 控制采购
B. 指导和管理项目工作
C. 规划采购管理
D. 进行采购
135. A project manager is asked to estimate an activity's duration. Using historical information,
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
the project manager learns that this activity has routinely taken 12 days to complete. The project
anger’s colleague works on a similar project and performed the activity in 10 days. However, the
functional area expert states that, due to challenges on the project, it will take 18 days to
complete, IF the project manager uses PERT estimation, what would be the activity’s duration?
A. 12days
B. 12.7days
C. 15.7days
D. 18days
135.项目经理被要求估算一项活动的持续时间，利用历史信息，项目经理了解到这个项目活
动通常需要12天时间完成。项目经理的同事正在管理一个类似项目，并在10天内执行了这
项活动。但是，职能领域的专家指出，由于项目中的存在的挑战，将需要18天时间完成。
如果项目经理使用PERT 估算，那么这项目活动的持续时间将是多少天？
A.12天
B.12.7天
C.15.7天
D.18 天
136. After a project review, the project manager asks a technical lead to conduct a causal
analysis of all the incidents and then prioritize the incidents. Which of the following tools and
techniques should be used?
A. PERT analysis
B. Monte Carlo
C. Pareto chart
D. Scatter diagram
136.项目审查之后，项目经理要求技术主管对所有事故开展因果分析，然后将事故排列优先
顺序。应该使用下列哪一项工具和技术？
A.PERT 分析
B.蒙特卡洛分析
c.帕累托图
D.散点图
137. Due to an interpersonal conflict between two team members, team morale and productivity
are negatively affected, what conflict management technique should the project manager use to
resolve the conflict immediately?
A. Smooth/Accommodate
B. Withdraw/Avoid
C. Compromise/Reconcile
D. Force/Direct
137.由于两名团队成员之间的人际冲突，团队士气和生产力受到不利影响。项目经理应使用
什么冲突管理技术来立即解决冲突？
A.缓解／包容
B.撤退／回避
C.妥协／调节
D.强迫／命令
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
138. Each time a project component is tested, the component passes user acceptance testing and
fulfills all requirements, what process did the project manager implement and execute
repeatedly?
A. Control Quality
B. Perform Quality Assurance
C. Configuration Analysis
D. Sponsor Reviews
138.每次测试项目部件，该部件都通过用户的验收测试并满足所有需求。项目经理反复实施
和执行哪一个过程？
A.控制质量
B.执行质量保证
C.配置分析
D.发起人审查
139. A project change is identified. However, due to a high risk to the overall project, the change
request board projects the change. What should the project manager do next?
A. Communicate this to the project management office.
B. Schedule a corrective action.
C. Record rejected change request in the change log..
D. Update the project scope statement.
139.一个项目变更已确定。但是，由于整个项目的风险较高，变更请求委员会拒绝变更。项
目经理接下来应该怎么做？
A.与项目管理办公室沟通。
B.安排纠正措施。
C.在变更日志记录拒绝的变更请求。
D.更新项目范围说明书。
140. A project manager schedules weekly team meetings according to the communications
management plan. Some team members report conflicts with the time and- miss some of the
meetings. What should the project manager do next?
A. Provide minutes for all meetings.
B. Reschedule a compatible time for all team members.
C. Apologize and explain difficulty in aligning at team members.
D. Meet with each team member separately
140.项目经理按照沟通管理计划安排了团队周会。一些团队成员提出由于时间上有冲突，缺
席某些会议。项目经理接下来应该怎么做？
A.提供所有会议的会议记录。
B.重新安排一个对所有团队成员都适合的时间。
C.道歉并说明协调所有团队成员的难度。
D.与每名团队成员单独开会。
141. During project execution, the project manager learns that the project sponsor will send a
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
team of external consultants to review whether the project activities are on track to meet the
project requirements and timeline. This is an example of which of the following types of action?
A. Corrective
B. Reactive
C. Preventive
D. Proactive
141.在项目执行期间，项目经理了解到项目发起人将派遣由外部顾问组成的团队审查项目活
动是否符合进度，满足项目要求和时间线。这属于下列哪一项措施的实例？
A.纠正措施
B.反应措施
C.预防措施
D.主动措施
142. Midway through a project, a stakeholder complains about the project scope and requests
new deliverables. What should the project manager do next?
A. Request additional funds from the sponsor.
B. Perform a variance analysis and update the work breakdown structure.
C. Clarify the stakeholder’s new expectations and negotiate modification requests
D. Perform integrated change control.
142.在项目中途，干系人抱怨项目范围，并请求新的可交付成果。项目经理接下来应该怎么
做？
A.向发起人请求额外资金。
B.执行偏差分析并更新工作分解结构。
C.澄清干系人的新期望并协商修改请求。
D.执行整体变更控制。
143. A project team is developing the work breakdown structure (WBS) for a project.
Completion of the project is contingent upon delivery of multiple subprojects. To move forward
with the WBS, what should the project team do?
A. Generate a decomposition of the subproject.
B. Use a rolling wave planning technique until all deliverables are clear and agreed upon.
C. Divide the deliverable of the subproject into work packages.
D. List missing deliverables as a risk to the risk register.
143.项目团队为一个项目制定了工作分解结构（WBS ）。项目的完工取决于多个子项目的交
付。为进行WBS，项目团队应该怎么做？
A.生成子项目分解，
B.使用滚动式规划技术，直至所有可交付成果均已明确并获得一致同意。
C.将子项目的可交付成果分为工作包。
D.将缺失的可交付成果列为风险等级册中的一个风险。
144. A project exceeds the budgeted cost because external consultants cannot complete their
work until they receive input from a company’s internal expert. However, this internal expert is
assigned to other projects. To prevent these incremental costs, what technique should have been
used in the planning phase?
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
A. Resource leveling to manage the resource constraints
B. Crashing schedule to bring additional resources to the project
C. Fast tracking technique to schedule tasks in Para" and decrease time
D. Cost reserve analysis to fund the unplanned costs
144.由于外部顾问在没有收到公司内部专家的输入之前无法完成工作，项目超出预算成本。
然而，这名内部专家被分配到其他项目上。为避免这种成本增加，在规划阶段应使用哪种技
术？
A.资源平衡，管理资源约束条件
B.赶工，为项目增加额外资源
C.快速跟进技术，安排并行执行任务，并减少时间
D.成本储备分析，为未规划的成本提供资金
145. A project manager has 10 people on the project team, including the project team, there
are 25 stakeholders that could communicate with each other. How many potential lines of
communication are there?
A. 55
B. 300
C.500
D. 2450
145.项目经理的项目团队中有10 名人员．包括项目团队在内，共有25 名干系人彼此沟通。
存在多少个潜在沟通渠道？
A. 55
B. 300
C. 500
D. 2450
146. During a construction project, the project manager wants to outsource the building of a
boundary wall at the construction site. Prospective vendors are invited to a conference. The
architect of the procuring company prepares a cost estimate to construct the boundary wall
which is not shared with the prospective vendors. What technique should be used to conduct
procurements?
A. Independent estimates
B. Proposal evaluation techniques
C. Expert judgment
D. Screening system
146.在一个施工项目中，项目经理希望外包施工现场边界墙的建设。潜在供应商受邀参加会
议。采购公司的建筑设计师准备了一份边界墙的施工成本估算，但未与潜在供应商分享。开
展采购应使用什么技术？
A.独立估算
B.建议书评价技术
c.专家判断
D.筛选系统
147. After reviewing the task list, the project manager notices that fewer resources ate required
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
at the beginning of the project than during the middle of the project. The project manager wants
to balance demand for resources. With the available supply. This activity is an example of which
of the following?
A. Resource leveling
B. What-if scenario analysis
C. Critical path method
D. Schedule compression
147.在审查任务清单之后，项目经理注意到在项目开始时需要的资源比在项目中间需要的资
源少。项目经理希望平衡资源需求与资源可提供量之间的关系。这项活动属于下列哪一项的
实例？
A.资源平衡
B.假设情景分析
C.关键路径法
D.进度压缩
148. A project management office (PMO) manager is appointed within a global company. This
company claims that although projects ate delivered on time and with budget, the results do not
meet the company’s business needs and are no aligned with the strategic plans.
Which of the following should the PMO manager propose to correct this situation?
A. Identify the risk of not meeting expectations and present it at the next weekly project
meeting.
B. Perform quality audits on an ongoing basis to ensure that project results meet the
expectations.
C. Review the communications management process to ensure performance reporting is
efficient and effective.
D. Review the inputs of the organization project charters to ensure statements of work and
business cases are considered.
148．一个全球性公司任命了一位项目管理办公室（PMO）经理。该公司声称虽然项目按时
按预算交付了，但是结果却不满足公司的业务需求，并且与战略计划不一致。PMO 经理应
提议下列哪一项来纠正这种情况？
A.识别没满足期望的风险，并在下一次每周项目会议上提交。
B.持续执行质量审计。确保项目结果满足期望。
C.审查沟通管理过程，确保高效的绩效报告。
D.审查组织项目章程的输入，确保考虑到工作说明书和商业论证。
149. While working with the project team to prepare a network diagram, the project manager
notices a series of activities can be performed in parallel, but must be finished in a specific
sequence. What activity sequencing method is required?
A, Operational diagramming method
B. Precedence diagramming method
C. Critical path method
D. Arrow diagramming method
149.与项目团队一起合作制作一份网络图的时候，项目经理注意到一系列活动能够并行执行，
且必须按特定顺序完成。这需要哪一种活动排序方法？
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
A.操作绘图法
B.紧前关系绘图法
C.关键路径法
D.箭头绘图法
150. Activity 1 of project A has an external dependency (finish-to-start) from activity 2 of project
B. The external dependency was identified as a schedule delay risk for project IL However, the
project manager accepts the risk, which causes a delay. After acceptin8 this risks, what should
the project manager have done to minimize the impact?
A. Communicated the existence of the risk to the sponsor
B. Coordinated both projects within a program
C. Determined a contingency reserve
D. Established a management reserve
150.项目A 的活动1 有一个来自项目B 活动2 的外部依赖关系（结束到开始）。这个外部依
赖关系被识别为项目的一个进度延期风险。然而，项目经理接受风险，并导致延期。接受这
个风险之后，项目经理应该完成哪项工作来尽可能降低影响？
A.与项目发起人沟通风险的存在
B 在一个项目群中协调两个项目
C.确定应急储备
D.建立管理储备
151. A project manager identifies and documents project roles, responsibilities, and skills. Which
tool or technique should the project manager use to define the human resource management
plan?
A. Organizational charts and skill descriptions
B. Ground rules
C. Interpersonal skills
D. Organizational charts and position descriptions
151.项目经理识别并记录项目角色、职责和技能。项目经理应使用哪一项工具或技术来定义
人力资源管理计划？
A.组织图和技能描述
B.基本规则
C.人际关系技能
D.组织图和岗位描述
152. During project execution, the sponsor leaves the company. What should the project
manager do next?
A. Perform integrated change control
B. Decentralize project authority and decision-making
C. Produce a project status report
D. Conduct a stakeholder analysis
152.在项目执行期间，项目发起人离开公司。项目经理接下来应该怎么做？
A.执行整体变更控制
B.分散项目权利和决策制定。
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
C.制作一份项目状态报告。
D.进行干系人分析。
153. A construction project experiences issues in obtaining permits. As a result, the project
schedule is negatively impacted, To reflect this schedule change, the project manager should use
which of the following tools or techniques?
A. Adjusting leads and lags
B. Resource levelin8
C. Defect repair
D. PERT analysis
153.一个施工项目遇到了获得许可的问题。因此，项目进度受到不利影响。为了反映这个进
度变更，项目经理应使用下列哪一项工具或技术？
A.调整时间提前量和时间滞后量
B.资源平衡
C.缺陷修理
D.PERT分析
154. A project is cancelled due to a quality ad scheduling issues. In addition, a competitor just
released a similar product; the project manager is assigned to a new project with a fixed deadline.
What should the project manager do to ensure that to same issue does not occur again?
A. Conduct performance review and apply corrective actions.
B. Use the information provided in the final reports of previous projects.
C. Apply rolling wave planning to the work breakdown structure.
D. Assign subject matter experts t tasks on the critical path,
154.一个项目由于质量和进度问题被取消了。此外，竞争对手刚刚发布了一个类似产品。项
目经理被分配管理一个具有固定期限要求的新项目。项目经理应该怎么做，来确保不会再次
发生同样的向题？
A.开展绩效审查，并应用纠正措施。
B.使用之前项目最终报告中提供的信息。
C.对工作分解结构应用滚动式规划。
D.将主题专家分配到处于关键路径上的任务。
155. A project charter is approved. While engaging with the stakeholders, the project manager
finds that the project charter contains incomplete information. Who is responsible for clarifying
the details with the project manager?
A. Project charter developer
B. Program manager
C. Project initiator or sponsor
D. Project management office
155.项目章程已批准。接洽干系人时，项目经理发现项目章程包含不完整的信息。谁应该负
责为项目经理澄清详细情况？
A.项目章程制定者
B.项目群经理
C.项目启动者或发起人
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
D.项目管理办公室
156. While resolving a project issue, the project team generates ideas about the issue that can be
linked by common attributes. What technique is the project team using?
A. Interrelationship diagram.
B. Affinity diagram
C. Multi-criteria decision analysis
D. Network diagram
156.在解决一个项目问题的同时，项目团队产生了通过共同属性将问题直接联系起来的想法。
项目经理使用的是什么技术？
A.关系图
B.亲和图
C.多标准决策分析
D.网络图
157. A project manager is working on a multiyear project. Over time the technology tools and
techniques in the industry change, which one of the following should be used to ensure the
project produces the highest quality outcome for the customer?
A, Cause and effect diagram
B. Control charts
C. Continuous improvement
D. Pareto diagrams
157.项目经理正在管理一个为期多年的项目。随时间的过去，行业中的技术工具和技术发生
了变化。为确保项目能为客户产生最高的质量成果，应使用下列哪一项？
A.因果图
B.控制图
C.持续改进
D. 帕累托图
158. A project team learns that specific seller is in financial difficulty and could present a risk to
the project. What should the project manager do next?
A. Accept the risk and closely monitor the seller’s deliverables.
B. Transfer the risk by adding a penalty clause to the contact.
C. Mitigate the risk by obtaining insurance for the risk.
D. Avoid the risk by identifying alternative sellers.
158.项目团队了解到某个卖方正在经历财务困难，可能会对项目产生风险。项目经理接下来
应该怎么做？
A.接受风险并密切监视卖方的可交付成果。
B.通过对合同增加处罚条款转移风险。
C.通过为风险购买保险减轻风险。
D.通过识别替代卖方避免风险。
159. A subcontractor’s company can no longer perform the services under the terms of the
contract. What should the project manager do next?
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
A. Review the procurement agreement for an early termination clause.
B. Brainstorm with team members.
C. Update the risk management plan.
D. Request a meeting with the project sponsor to obtain advice.
159.分包商的公司不能根据合同条款执行服务，项目经理接下来应该怎么做？
A.查看采购协议中的提前终止条款。
B.与团队成员头脑风暴。
C 更新风险管理计划。
D.请求与项目发起人开会获得建议
160. A full-time project team member leaves the company. The project manager identifies a
Coiner team member with a similar skill set. However, the team member is only available on a
part-time basis for this project. In addition to the project schedule, what other document should
the project manager update?
A. Staffing management plan
B. Activity list
C. Communications management plan
D. Schedule baseline
160.一名全职项目团队成员从公司离职。项目经理确定了一名拥有类似技能集的团队成员进
行替换。但是，该团队成员仅能在该项目中兼职工作。除了项目进度计划外，项目经理还应
更新哪一份文件？
A.人员管理计划
B.活动清单
C.沟通管理计划
D.进度基准
161. Three project tasks require services which the company cannot provide. To resolve this issue,
what should the project manager do?
A. Refer to the procurement management plan,
B. Initiate a project change request to use different services.
C. Ask the functional manage to recommend wanders.
D. Update the project schedule according to available resources.
161.有三个项目任务所需要的服务，公司无法提供。为解决这个问题，项目经理应该做什么？
A.查阅采购管理计划
B.发起项目变更请求，使用不同的服务。
C.要求职能经理推荐供应商。
D.按照可用资源更新项目进度。
162. According to company standards, a web page should load within four seconds. The testing
team concludes that a specific webpage loads between six to eight seconds. What should the
project manager do first?
A. Initiate a change request for an exception to the standard.
B. Perform an assessment regarding how the test was conducted.
C. Work with the team to determine the root cause of the issue,
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
D. Evaluate the impact of non-compliance with a risk matrix.
162.按照公司标惟，网页必须在四秒钟内加载完成。测试团队发现某个网页的加载时间是六
到八秒钟。项目经理首先应该怎么做？
A.为这个标准例外情况提出变更请求。
B.执行有关如何开展测试方面的评估。
C.与团队合作，确定问题的根本原因。
D.评价风险矩阵不符合项的影响。
163. The project manager of an ongoing project leaves the company, and a new project manager
is assigned. The sponsor asks the never project ranger to check the status of a key stakeholder's
modification request. Where should the project manager find this information?
A. Project document updates
B. Change log
C. Stakeholder management Plan
D. Communications management plan
163．项目正在进行当中，项目经理从公司离职，任命了一名新的项目经理。发起人让新项
目经理检查一名关键干系人修改请求的状态。项目经理可以从哪里找到这个信息？
A.项目文件更新
B.变更日志
C.干系人管理计划
D.沟通管理计划
164. A project manager is assigned to a new product development project I a functional
organization, the project team is selected from various locations according to expertise. After
finding it difficult to manage project team members who are located in different locations, the
project manager requests a new location to bring the team together. What technique does the
project manager use to Develop Project Team?
A. Tight Marti
B. Beam building
C. Forming
D. Ground rules
164.项目经理被分配管理一个职能型组织里的新产品开发项目。项目团队是按照专业知识从
不同地方选择的。发现难以管理分处不同地方的项目团队成员后，项目经理申请了一个新地
点，将团队集合在一起。项目经理使用的是什么项目团队建设技术？
A.紧密矩阵
B.团队建设
C.形成
D.基本规则
165. After the project 'work is completed, a meeting is held with the client to. Deliver the four
products. The client accepts two of the four products, and indicates that the remaining two
products do not meet the requirements. Before delivering the product, which process should the
project manager have following to ensure alignment with the customer’s expectations?
A. Control Quality
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
B. Perform Quality Assurance
C. Perform Quality Control Measurement
D. Perform Quality Audit
165.在项目工作完成后，与客户一起召开会议支付四个产品。客户接受四个产品中的其中两
个，并表明剩余两个产品不满足需求。支付产品之前，项目经理应该遵循哪个流程来确保与
客户的期望保持一致？
A.控制质量
B.执行质量保证
C.执行质量控制测量
D.执行质量审计
166. A project to deliver a product’s prototype is on schedule. However, actual costs exceed
estimated costs. The project manage must determine if the process to measure product quality is
stable and predictable. Which of the following tools should the project manager use?
A. Force field analysis
B. Control chart
C. Critical chain method
D. Benchmarking
166.一个交付产品原型的项目符合进度计划。但是，实际成本却超过估算成本。项目经理必
须确定测量产品质量的过程是否稳定并且可预测。项目经理应该使用下列哪一种工具？
A.力场分析
B.控制图
C 关键链方法
D.标杆对照
167. A team member versa unable to attend the last project review meeting. The project
manager confirms with the team reamer by phone that the project icon track and on budget.
What should the team member consult to determine what task to perform next?
A. Activity management plan
B. Task management plan
C. Project schedule
D. Project calendar
167.一名团队成员不能够参加上一次项目评审会。项目经理用电话与该名团队成员确认项目
符合进度和预算。团队成员应查阅下列哪一项来确定下一步要执行什么任务？
A.活动管理计划
B.任务管理计划
C.项目进度计划
D.项目章程（原题翻译错误：项目日历）
168. An issue will delay the project and increase costs. To avoid this issue in the future, what
method should the project manager use to identify the root cause?
A. Histogram
B. Risk assessment
C. Fishbone chart
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
D. Pareto chart
168.一个问题将延迟项目并增加成本。为避免将来出现这个问题，项目经理应使用什么方法
来确定根本原因？
A.直方图
B.风险评估
C.鱼骨图
D.帕累托图
169. The project managed receives an urgent email from the customer requesting a change.
What should the project manager do next?
A. Record the request and begin the change request process.
B. Ask the project sponsor for an urgent approval.
C. Implement the change and then inform the change control board.
D. Assess the. Change request and move forward with the change.
169.项目经理收到客户的一封请求变更紧急邮件。项目经理接下来应该怎么做？
A.记录请求并开始变更请求过程
B.要求项目发起人紧急批准
C.实施变更，然后通知变更控制委员会
D.评估变更请求，并继续进行变更
170. The project is half way to completion and continues to be over budget. The current project
metrics are as follows: Schedule Performance Index (SPI) =0.96 Cost Performance Index (CPI)
=0.98 Actual Cost (AC) =500,000 Budget at Completion (BAC) =1,000,000
Which of the following is the expected total cost of completing all work?
A. US$1, 505, 024
B. US$1, 101, 666
C. US$1, 020, 408
D.US$990,073
170.项目处于完工中途，并继续超出预算。当前的项目指标如下：
进度绩效指数(SPI)=0.96
成本绩效指数(CPI)=0.98
实际成本(AC）=500，000
完工预算(BAC)=1,000,000
下列哪一项属于完成全部工作的预计总成本？
A. US$1,505,024
B. US$1,101,666
C. US$1,020,408
D. U$990,073
171. A project manager is assigned to a project with a rapidly changing environment. The
requirements scope is difficult to define in advance, which of the following project life cycle
models should assist the project manager to define small incremental improvements and deliver
best value to stakeholders?
A. Iterative and incremental life cycles
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
B. Adaptive life cycles
C. Predictive life cycles
D. Phase-to-phase relationships
171.项目经理被分配管理一个具有快速变化环境的项目。需求范围难以提前定义。下列哪一
个项目生命周期模型应协助项目经理定义较小的增量改进，并为干系人提供最大价值？
A.迭代性和增量型生命周期
B.适应性生命周期
C.预测型生命周期
D.阶段到阶段关系
172. During project implementation, a key team member in a balanced matrix organization is
transferred to another project. The project is now in jeopardy of being delayed. To prevent this
situation, what should the project manager have done?
A. Defined the team member’s project availability and obtained agreement in the staff release
plan
B. Outsourced the task because the team member had too many projects
C. Prepared the team members to work overtime so they could work on both projects
D. Created a buffer in the project schedule to prepare for such occurrences
172.在项目实施期间，在一个平衡矩阵式组织中一名关键团队成员被调任至另一个项目上。
项目目前面临着延期的危险。为避免这种情况，项目经理应该事先做什么？
A.确定团队成员的项目可用性，并在人员遣散计划中获得同意
B.外包任务，因为该团队成员负责的项目过多
C.让该团队成员准备加班工作，让他可以同时为两个项目工作
D.在项目进度计划中创建一个缓冲时间，为这种情况的发生做准备
173. During a project assessment, the project manager discovers the internal production
capability will be insufficient. To resolve these issues, the project manager is provided with two
option; 1) build a new internal production line, and 2) outsource the process. To determine how
to proceed, which of the following methods should be applied?
A. Cost risk simulation
B. Monte Carlo technique
C. Tornado diagram
D. Decision tree diagram
173.在项目评估期间，项目经理发现内部生产能力将会不足。为解决这个问题，项目经理可
以有两个选项：1）建立一个新的内部生产线，和2）外包这个过程。为了确定如何继续，
应采用下列哪一个方法？
A.成本风险模拟
B.蒙特卡洛技术
C.龙卷风图
D.决策树图
174. During project execution, the project manager implements affix&-price contract with a key
vendor due to concerns with cost overruns. This is an example of which of the following?
A. Use of the procurement management plan
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
B. Use of the vendor selection process
C. Use of the qualified sellers list
D. Use of the fixed-priced contract technique
174.在项目执行期间，由于担心成本超支，项目经理与一个关键供应商签署执行了固定总价
合同。这属于下列哪一项的实例？
A.使用采购管理计划
B.使用卖方选择过程
C.使用合格卖方清单
D.使用固定总价合同技术
175. A project developed jointly by a company’s internal team and a vendor experiences issues.
As a result, the company’s president hires a new project manager. During the first project review,
the ne, project manager discovers that during phase one, the key project deliverable is not
specified and phases are not identified.
What should the project manager do next?
A. Amend the project management plan and implement it as soon as possible.
B. FOCUS on completing the delivery of phase one according to the project management plan.
C. Confirm the project scope with the sponsor and key stakeholders.
D. Update the project charter and obtain buy-in from key stakeholders.
175.一个由公司内部团队以及供应商共同开发的项目正经历问题。因此，公司总裁雇佣了一
名新项目经理。在第一次项目评审期间，新项目经理发现在第一阶段，未规定关键项目可交
付成果且未确定项目阶段。项目经理接下来应该怎么做？
A.修改项目管理计划并尽快实施。
B.集中于按照项目管理计划完成第一阶段的交付。
C.与发起人和关键干系人一起确定项目范围。
D.更新项目章程并获得关键项目干系人的支持。
176. During a project status meeting, the project manager reviews with the team several risk
areas and suggests a mitigation plan for each risk area. A team member suggests a different
mitigation strategy for two risks. The project manager reviews all options with the project team.
Which of the following modes of conflict resolution does the project manager use?
A, Collaboration/Problem Solve
B. Withdrawal/Avoid
C. Compromise/Reconcile
D. Force/Direct
176.在项目状态会上，项目经理与团队一起审查多个风险领域，并为每个风险领域建议一个
减轻计划。一名团队成员为两个风险建议了一种不同的风险减轻策略。项目经理与项目团队
一起审查所有方案。项目经理使用的是下列哪一种冲突解决模式？
A.合作／解决问题
B.撤退／回避
C.妥协／调解
D.强迫／命令
177. The development team observes that two major project variables are moving in opposing
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
directions, which could put the project at risk.
What tour technique should the project manager use to determine how closely related these two
variables are?
A. Scatter diagram
B. pare to chart
C. Histogram
D. Variance analysis
177.开发团队观察到两个主要项目变量向相反方向移动，可能导致项目处于风险当中。项目
经理应使用什么工具或技术来确定这两个变量是如何密切相关的？
A.散点图
B.帕累托图
C.直方图
D.偏差分析
178. A stakeholder states that they did not receive the root cause analysis regarding an issue
raised during a recent project status meeting. The project manager discovers that the stakeholder
is not included in the report distribution list. What should the project manager do first?
A. Reference the risk register.
B. Update the communications management plan.
C. Perform a change request.
D. Update the stakeholder register.
178.一名干系人表示未收到近期项目状态会议上提出的某个问题的根本原因分析，项目经理
发现该干系人没有包含在报告分发名单中。项目经理首先应该怎么做？
A.参考风险登记册。
B.更新沟通管理计划
C.执行变更请求。
D.更新干系人登记册。
179. The project’s earned value reports the cost performance index is 0.87, and the schedule
performance index is 1.18. What does the report indicate to the program manager regarding the
project?
A. Ahead of schedule and over budget
B. Ahead of schedule and under budget
C. Behind schedule and under budget
D. Behind schedule and over budget
179.项目的挣值报告成本绩效指数为0.87，而进度绩效指数为1.18。这份报告对项目群经理
说明了项目处于什么状态？
A.超前于进度，但超出预算
B.超前于进度：并低于预算
C.落后于进度，但低于预算
D.落后于进度，并超出预算
180. According to the schedule, if there is a three-day delay on the completion of activity 2, by
how many days will the project’s delivery date be impacted?
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
Activity Duration(days) Dependences
1 5
2 9 1,FS
3 10 1,FS
4 9 2,FS
3,FS
5 10 4,FS
6 12 4,FS
A. 0 days
B. 1 day
C. 2 days
D. 3 days
180,根据进度计划，活动2 的完工延迟三天，这将对项目的交付日期造成多少天的影响？
活动 持续时间（天） 依赖关系
1 5
2 9 1,FS
3 10 1,FS
4 9 2,FS
3,FS
5 10 4,FS
6 12 4,FS
A.0 天
B.1天
C.2天
D.3 天
181. A product is delivered on time, delivered within cost, and meets quality expectations.
However, the project team is not sure if the product produced meet the client’s requirements.
Which of the following explains this situation?
A．There was poor communication among stakeholders
B. Project chart was incomplete
C．Expert judgment was not used during the requirement identification phase
D．Requirements traceability matrix was not being updated
181.一个产品按时按成本交付，并满足质量期望。但是，项目团队不确定生产的产品是否满
足客户需求。下列哪一项说明了这种情况？
A.干系人之间的沟通不良。
B.项目章程不完善。
C.在需求识别阶段未使用专家判断。
D.未更新需求跟踪矩阵。
182. Midway through the project, the project manager realizes there will not be enough time to
complete all deliverables, what should the project manager do next?
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
A. Assess the issues that caused the current situation.
B. Provide the customer with alternatives for project deliverables.
C. Present a cause and effect analysis to the customer.
D. Schedule a meeting with the customer.
182.项目中途，项目经理意识到没有足够的时间来完成所有可交付成果。项目经理接下来应
该怎么做？
A.评估导致当前情况的问题。
B.向客户提供项目可交付成果的替代方案。
C.项目客户提交因果分析。
D.安排一次与客户的会议
183. To develop the project management plan, a project manager works with the appropriate
resources and obtains the necessary approvals. After reviewing the plan, the project team is
confused about the project objectives and what is expected of them. What should the project
manager have done to avoid this situation?
A. Prepared more detailed roles and responsibilities
B. Conducted a project kick-off meeting
C. Developed a communications management plan
D. Provided a copy of the project charter
183.为制定项目管理计划，项目经理与相关资源合作，并获得必要批准。审查计划之后，项
目团队对项目目标以及对他们的期望感到困惑。若要避免这种情况，项目经理应该做什么？
A.制定更为详细的角色和职责
B.召开启动大会
C.制定沟通管理计划
D.提供一份项目章程
184. To gain visibility of performance issues, a quality assurance report recommends that changes
be made in the project measurement process. However, if the changes are implemented, it will
impact the customer’s delivery date. What should the project manager do next?
A. Inform the sponsor and ask for advice regarding how to address the situation.
B. Implement the changes to meet the required visibility of the performance issues.
C. Secure the delivery date for the customer and do not implement the changes.
D. Evaluate the impact of implementing versus not implementing the changes.
184.为获得性能问题的可见性，一份质量保证报告建议在项目测量过程进行变更。但是，如
果实施变更，将会影响到客户的交付日期。项目经理接下来应该怎么做？
A.通知发起人，并询问如何解决这种情况的相关建议。
B.实施变更，满足要求的性能问题可能性。
C.为客户实施交付日期，但并不实施变更。
D.评估实施变更和不实施变更的影响。
185. During a critical component's development, a senior employee leaves the project. As a result,
the project is behind schedule. During the planning phase, the probability of the risk occurring
was determined to be low, and the impact was medium. What document should the project
manager update first?
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
A. Risk register
B. Risk management plan
C. Work breakdown structure
D. Staffing management plan
185.在关键部件开发过程中，一名高级雇员离开项目。结果，项目落后于进度。在规划阶段，
发生风险的可能性被确定为低，影响为中等。项目经理应首先更新哪一份文件？
A.风险登记册
B.风险管理计划
C.工作分解结构
D.人员配备管理计划
186. A project is in the final execution stages. to launch a new product to satisfy market needs.
The competition is launching a similar product and time to market is a key project Objectives.
Currently, the cost performance index (CPI) is 1.2 and the schedule performance index (SPI) is 0,
8.To meet project. Objectives, what should the project manager do?
A. Add resources and approve overtime for the team.
B. Reduce the scope to leverage CPI and SPI to 0.
C. Take no actions as the project is ahead of schedule and will meet objectives.
D. Withdraw funds front the management reserve.
186.一个项目处于最终执行阶段，发布一项新产品，满足市场需求。存在的竞争是发布一个
类似产品，而且投入市场的时间点是一个关键项目目标。目前，成本绩效指数（CPI）为1.2，
进度绩效指数（SPI）为0.8。为满足项目目标，项目经理应该怎么做？
A.增加资源并批准团队加班。
B.减少范围，将CPI 和SPI平衡到0。
C.不采取任何措施，因为项目提前于进度，且满足目标。
D.利用管理储备的资金。
187. A new project manager takes over a project in the implementation phase. Some project
members are looking for other assignments and want to leave the project team. What technique
should be use to ensure that skills vital to the project are retained?
A. Team-building activities
B. Project performance report
C. Analytical techniques
D. Project performance appraisals
187.新项目经理接管一个处于执行阶段的项目。一些项目成员正在寻找其他工作任务，并考
虑离开项目团队。为确保保留对项目至关重要的技能人才，应使用哪种技术？
A.团队建设活动
B.项目绩效报告
C.分析技术
D.项目绩效评估
188. A project manager is assigned a new project and discovers some experts believe the
software selected will not deliver the anticipated benefits.
What should the. Project manager do next?
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
A. Start the sponsor approved project an review the benefits with experts,
B. Create a project charter aligned to the business case and present it to the sponsor's
organization for approval.
C. Convene a meeting with experts to revisit the business case and obtain agreement to use the
appropriate software.
D. Allow the experts to resolve the issue and. begin resource planning activities for the project
team
188.项目经理被分配管理一个新项目，发现一些专家认为，所选择的软件将不会提供预期效
益。项目经理接下来应该怎么做？
A 开始项目发起人批推的项目，并与专家一起审查绩效。
B.创建一个商业论证一致的项目章程，并将其提交给发起人的组织批准
C.与专家一起召开会议，重新审查商业论证，并获得使用相应软件的协议。
D.让专家解决这个问题，并为项目团队开始资源规划活动。
189. At the beginning of a project, a stakeholder argues that this type of project cannot not be
compared to previous projects developed writhing the company. Which tool should be used to
obtain relevant information?
A. Benchmarking
B. Market research
C. Organizational process assets
D. statistical sampling
189.在项目开始时，一名干系人质疑这种类型的项目不能与公司中开发的以往项目相比。应
该用下列哪一项工具获得相关信息？
A.标杆对照
B.市场研究
C.组织过程资产
D.统计抽样
190. During the product’s last quality inspection, a project team determines that the product
does not meet the specifications. The project manager requests that information is collected to
proceed with the analysis. What tool of technique should be used to understand the data?
A. Burn charts
B. Pareto diagrams
C. Affinity diagrams
D. Check sheets
190.在产品的最近一次质量检查：项目团队确定产品不满足技术规范。项目经理要求收集信
息进行分析。应使用哪一项工具或技术来理解数据？
A.燃尽图
B.帕累托图
C.亲和图
D.检查表
191. A consultant is hired to perform data analysis for a project. The consultant has a contractual
arrangement that contains travel cost reimbursements and a fixed-price for labor. What contract
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
should used to acquire this expert’s services?
A. Cost-reimbursable
B. Time and material
C. Fixed-price
D. Fixed-price-incentive fee
191.一家顾问公司被聘用来为一个项目执行数据分析，这家顾问公司的合同安排包含差旅成
本补偿以及人工固定价格。应使用哪一份合同获取这个专业公司的服务？
A.成本补偿合同
B.工料合同
C.固定总价合同
D.总价加激励费用合同
192. The project ravager schedules a meeting to obtain the key stakeholders approval for the
project management plan.' The project manager’s agenda should include which of the following?
A, Change request review
B. Project charter review
C. Risk analysis review
D. Activity list review
192.项目经理安排了一次会议，获得关键干系人对项目管理计划的批准。项目经理的会议议
程中还应包含下列哪一项？
A.变更请求审查
B.项目章程审查
C.风险分析审查
D.活动清单审查
193. After completing 'work on an assigned deliverable, team members decide to add new
functionality to satisfy the customer. What should the project manager do next?
A. Ask the project sponsor for permission to update the project charter.
B. Allow team members to continue the work because the new functionality will improve the end
product.
C. Add the new functionality to tea requirements document.
D. Review the requirements and 1VBS tasks with team members to control possible scope creep,
193.在完成一个分配的可交付成果工作之后，团队成员决定添加新功能，来满足客户。项目
经理接下来应该怎么做？
A.请求项目发起人的许可更新项目章程。
B.允许团队成员继续工作，因为新功能可改进最终产品。
C.将新功能添加进需求文档中。
D.与团队成员审查需求和WBS任务，控制可能的范围蔓延。
194. A project manager recently assigned to a project discovers that some team leaders
continually send performance reports to the vice president.
What should the project manager do next?
A. Advise the team leaders to send the current performance reports to the project manager.
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
B. Inform the team that the acceptance criteria are determined, and it is not necessary to send
the performance reports.
C. Consult the responsibility assignment matrix and communications management plan and
revise as necessary,
D. Organize a face-to-face meeting with the stakeholders to formally present the performance
reports.
194.最近被任命管理一个项目的项目经理发现一些团队领导一直向副总裁发送绩效报告。项
目经理接下来应该怎么做？
A.通知团队领导直接向项目经理发送当前绩效报告。
B.通知团队验收标准已确定，投有必要发送绩效报告。
C.查阅责任分配矩阵和沟通管理计划，并根据需要修订。
D.组织一次与干系人的面对面会议，正式提交绩效报告。
195. While preparing for a project, a project management considers how to deal with large
changes that may occur during project execution, the project manager should do which of the
following?
A. Discuss all changes with the project sponsor as soon as they are requested.
B. Express in the project management plan that the large changes cannot be accommodated.
C. Ensure that a change control board is established to deal with such situations if they occur.
D, Inform the project team that all changes must be approved by the project manager.
195.准备项目时，项目经理考虑如何处理在项目执行过程中可能发生的重大变更。项目经理
应采取下列哪一项措施？
A.在项目发起人请求变更时立即与他们讨论所有变更
B.在项目管理计划中明确表示不允许有重大变更
C.确保建立变更控制委员会，在发生这种情况时立即处理
D.通知项目团队，所有变更都必须由项目经理批准
196. During project execution, the project manager identifies that the team’s conflicting behavior
caused some milestones to be missed. To avoid this situation, what should the project manager
have done?
A. Contacted all team members' functional supervisors and requested their intervention
B. Initiated a team meeting to reach consensus about behavioral ground rules
C. Sent a communication informing the team members of the expected behavior
D. Included soft skills training on problem-solving techniques in training plans
196.在项目执行期间，项目经理确定团队的冲突行为导致一些里程碑未达到。为避免这种情
况，项目经理应该事先做什么？
A.联系所有团队成员的职能主管，请求他们的干预
B.安排一次团队会议，对行为基本规则达成一致意见
C.发送一封函件，通知团队成员所期望的行为
D.在培训计划中包含进有关问题解决技巧方面的软技能培训
197. A project manager assigned to a new project meets with the sponsor, senior management,
and experienced project managers to discuss possible project stakeholders. The project manager
then meets with these identified stakeholders and notes their level of authority in the company
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
and their level of concern regarding the project outcomes. What should the project manager do
next?
A. Update the project charter,
B. Create a stakeholder analysis.
C. Set up a power/interest grid.
D. Schedule a kick-off meeting.
197.被任命管理一个新项目的项目经理与项目发起人、高级管理层以及经验丰富的项目经理
开会讨论存在的项目干系人。项目经理然后与这些识别到的干系人会面，并记录下他们在公
司中的职权等级以及他们对项目成果的关心程度项目经理接下来应该怎么做？
A.更新项目章程。
B.创建一份干系人分析。
C.设置权力/利益方格。
D.计划召开项目启动大会。
198. A project manager starts a project to build a new factory. The client states that if the project
baseline if modified, the project manager must go through several levels of approval. To record
the approval levels, the project manager should develop which of the following?
A. Change control procedure
B. Issue log
C. Stakeholder management plan
D. Stakeholder register
198.项目经理开始一个建设新厂房的项目。客户提出如果修改项目基准，项目经理必须经过
多级审批。为了记录这些审批环节，项目经理应制定下列哪一项？
A.变更控制程序
B.问题日志
C.干系人管理计划
D.干系人登记册
199. A global project has teams in multiple locations that do not have visibility to the overall
project management plan, including milestone and project expectations. During the project, the
project manager realizes that this a mistake and all information should be shared with all project
teams regardless of location. What should the project manager have shared the information with
the project team?
A. During project team development
B. At the project initiation phase
C. During each statue review meeting
D. At the project kick-off meeting
199.一个全球性项目拥有分布多个地点的项目团队，对整个项目管理计划没有可见性，包括
里程碑和项目期望。在项目期间，项目经理意识到这是个错误，且所有信息应该与所有项目
团队分享，无论所在位置在哪。项目经理应在何时与项目团队共享信息？
A.在项目团队发展期
B.在项目启动阶段
C.在每次状态审查会上
D.在项目启动大会上
清晖项目管理PMP 复习测试题四
200. Due to market conditions, a company experiences staff changes which the project manager
believes will impact the project resources. To minimize the impact on the project, what should
the project manager do?
A. Identity potential replacements.
B. Cross train the team members.
C. Report staff changes to the sponsor.
D. Address the issue at a team meeting.
200.由于市场情况，一家公司经历人员变更，项目经理认为人员变更将影响项目资源。为了
减轻对项目的影响，项目经理应该怎么做？
A.识别潜在的替换人员。
B.交叉培训团队成员。
C.向项目发起人报告人员变更情况。
D.在团队会议上解决这个问题。